my wife is singing and wants to dance to
fake news! everyone knows the den mothers are responsible for cookie sales numbers.
my wife is a nurse. got a job in
fwiw my wife is an artist so when i see
good laugh at this. source good friends mom is a filipino nurse.
my wife is an artist she goes through the
my best friends girlfriend is an antivaxxer nurse. i feel so
your telling me. my wife is a nurse in a hospital about2
are you single? my wife is terrible at sewing.
my wife is a nurse and works nights. im
stop reading it in charlies voice. the girl is clearly the waitress.
post because im from ethiopia and my mom is still using this cookie container as
my girlfriend is a waitress can confirm. she always
nta. girl is overreacting for drama.
my girlfriend is shit at cooking though.. i taught
a weird musical dance number where the girl is a football
sell that art! your wife is amazing!
ok pops take your medicine. this nice lady is the nurse and shes here to
ua gfy  mfw you realize your wife is cooking on a southern plantation instead
wife is a nurse. they refer to motorbikes
thankful for her hard work!! my mom is a travel icu nurse as well
and his girlfriend is the waitress michael scott brings back
the usual cleaning lady is probably used to the various forms
yeah in nc shagging your sister is the state dance.
thats clearly a lie my mom is a terrible cook.
my niece is a nurse with a job in
my girlfriend is such a bad cook that all
haha looks like the blonde girl is doing the egyptian dance in that
the mom is a drama queen too and is
omg squirmy and grubs! strangers assume my girlfriend is my nurse was amazing! i love
my sister is an art student and made prints
sounds like the aunt is in love with drama. you are
my wife is a nurse. i dont like this
dance mom is the best. profits of her kids
are copycats. copied every line from shakespeare. mom is a prof of english and dat
it taste amazing. my wife is a great cook.
my grandmother is a nurse and believes blood is
be messy during the time when the mom is cleaning their assholes its not like
the wolf from pulp fiction knew. jimmys wife is a nurse. gotta clean that shit
make pennies? dude my girlfriend is a nurse in canada and her
and my grandmother lives with her. my grandmother is and literally cannot cook for herself.
yeah its pretty cool. my mom is really talented with sewing. we made
im a cpa and my wife is a nurse practitioner. both of us
dresses?? this is a non-problem that the bride is turning into unnecessary drama. get your
boner when i come home and my wife is cooking dinner and has the house
you spam it here as well? my girlfriend is lactose intolerant and loves cooking so
popeyes annie sure the little redheaded white girl is the best cook!
your sister is a drama queen. downvote me all
a drama goldmine. i think the term girl is more fitting for you.
of a drama queen to boot. month girlfriend is still like. testing the waters level
well marty is fucked now that college girl is the new head nurse.
plan to spend the 2 m. my mom is not a good cook.
to be fair mitchs wife is extremely qualified to be secretary of
my wife is a nurse and some of her
dude your girlfriend is amazing at art! i wish i
my mom is a nurse can confirm either dying
wife is a nurse. average age of od
im not a bigot my cleaning lady is hispanic!
ur mom is cool all my mom does is clean stuff and cook
the tables sometimes turn though my girlfriend is a nurse at the nephrology ward
girlfriend is a nurse makesk a year and
just because his wife is satans secretary doesnt mean you get
with an aed when theyre flat-lining. my girlfriend is an icu nurse and hates this.
is way better. its literally like your grandmother is cooking for you its so delicious
have a little trespacito jr that my girlfriend is cooking and hes done medium rare
my lady is a nurse..so yep.
the andirondacks. my mom is a fan of the art style
his wife is a nurse. maybe she stole adderall.
i think it has helped that my mom is a nurse. shes always talked about
im sorry to hear that. my wife is a nurse and told me what
your mom is amazing i bet she cooks you
my college of choice yesterday so ya girl is off to study literature for the
i disagree. my current girlfriend is a nurse and has been one
your cleaning lady is gonna be pissed.
my mom is a nurse and is borderline crazy
my wife is sewing face masks and selling them
i did a thing for ak car. girl is a waitress. either she cant afford
bruh that girl is gunna dance on all of our
lucky for me my mom is a quilter and great at sewing
moms are the best cooking teachers
i guess the aunt is addicted to finding drama. like all
were having dinner on saturday and my mom is on the phone resolving family drama
they can eat a sandwich or cereal. mom is actively cooking dinner in no way
? thats when the girl is deep cleaning the hour subway i
wow thats amazing but my cleaning lady is still kinda weird
yeah sure i guess maid mom is okay. just okay. next up is
wed nurses take any psychological tests my wife is a nurse and she didnt. the
can confirm. my wife is a nurse and i am an
the time haha i know when my niece is over cooking comes easy.
you are beautiful! my wife is a nurse. she says all nurses
wont be able to tell haha. my wife is a great cook too ill run
his wife is trumps secretary of transportation
is her art for sale anywhere? your mom is v talented!
my wife is a nurse and she pays for
well the drama in the drama club girl is even worse i hate both of
pathetic losers ignore art unless a cute girl is in the picture. shes just playing
wife is also a nurse. kik bighbgguy to
yeah if anything my mom is more picky about my art than
i think thats what its called. my girlfriend is the one who is into cooking
and i want to say that your mom is actually a great cook.
a dance for a musical and a girl is supposed to do a lap dance
you for the explanation. sounds fun my wife is in a docnurse group.
my wife is a nurse and i hear this
my girlfriend is a nurse in ny and it
yo! i had no idea. my girlfriend is a nurse too so i need
bluuz chick i feel you my wife iswas a waitress and the struggle is
my girlfriend is a pretty good cook but i
shopping scenic views and i know my wife is really into art.
up. most medical positions i know of mom is a nurse they are required to
my girlfriend is a dance major who takes me
my wife is a nurse at the hospital and
my wife is a waitress for a big corp.
are coming over or like the cleaning lady is scheduled that day.
lets be honest here the girl is all about drama. this drama in
yep my wife is vegetarian and we cook vegetarian at
my mom is a nurse and refuses to hang
im glad im circumcised. my wife is a nurse and her horrific stories
ive never heard this before and my wife is a wound care nurse. you know
exactly! moms are the best. she be cooking and
wife is a nurse. that nurse sucks at
have it at my work the cleaning lady is a smoking hot babe.
maid wife is a bonus hero!! i dont have
i see a dodge. somebodies sister is gonna love that art work
think about medical grade normal saline? my girlfriend is a nurse she has a large
glasses how original for a hipster art girl
yummy my wife is a nurse too!
i will probably takemg of valium my grandmother is  was a nurse so she
stitches but it was to expensive. his mom is a nurse so she just wrapped
my wife is an emergency nurse. theres a saying
its lovely and your little sister is quite good at art
my girlfriend is a nurse and cannot show up
girlfriend is a much better cook.
the lady is the school secretary the parents let
pming me the area or hospital? my mom is a nurse also wondering if its
to fuck with it once. the cleaning lady is going to have to fuck with
my mom is a nurse but still makes more
a nurse happy with your job?? my wife is a nurse and hates it. what
my mom is nurse can confirm she art thou
this is a work of art. that girl is gonna be the next bob ross
no thank you. my girlfriend is also a nurse you guys work
love that youre thinking of family. my mom is sewing face masks and im going
the cleaning lady is probably cute and really nice.
my mom is a er nurse and someone came
ytayoure in your twenties. your mom is still cooking for you. be grateful.
one girlfriend is a nurse so dont see her
i wouldnt consider that foreshadowing that her mom is a maid.
ok thank god. wife is a lhr nurse and said either
girlfriend is a nurse who found out she
job as a nurse takes no effort. mom is a nurse.
my girlfriend is a nurse and thats what shes
my wife is a nurse who also suffers from
here girlfriend is a nurse and my buddy is
the founders wife is secretary of education so.
yta everyone has different pallets. if your wife is that sensitive about her cooking then
if a cleaning lady is dusting the walls and pictures its
whats this dance called that girl is doing?? any tutorial for it??
my sister is in dance class
promotional art made by the creator. your girlfriend is extremely talented!
your cleaning lady is getting some serious dick.
a cleaning lady is some of the best money youll
your mom is cooking them wrong.
i have no clue. my girlfriend is cooking something. probably something simple since
his wife is one hell of a drama queen
my wife is a nurse in the us. she
closest ive ever been to a girl is getting a strip teaselap dance and
tbh most moms are thats the difference between cooking for
im so glad my mom is a nurse and middle age if
hahahaha receptionist lady is over it
i watched the episode. that art lady is a bad bitch. she needs her
president of america is a neonazi. vinces wife is his small business secretary. wwe always
my mom is a nurse so when i made
when ypur wife is your secretary amp also a nymph
oddly enough my cleaning girl is a latina and cleans naked. cant
k for a minor procedure my wife is a nurse and they all know
nice art i see your sister is a slow artist but that dose
yeah my mom is a waitress and makes about 
my wife is a nurse-midwife and does not use-hour
kds mom is friends with cookie. nuff said.
guess it depends on location. my girlfriend is making k in as a nurse
school says cooking rice makes mothers lazy. evidently they think northie mothers are
on the side. yumm. i bet their mothers are bad at cooking
wait what i think that lady is cooking wrong.
who cares what the bride and maid are going to wear unless
my aunt is a ballerinadance instructor she drink diet
sucks because the girl is a registered nurse. you would think
thats awesome! my mom is sewing masks for people without access
the cleaning lady is probably thinking  uhh another one.
well mitchs wife is the secretary of transportation so hed
yes because a wife is just a maid you dont have
idk mabe his cleaning lady is doin a bad job.
my cousin is an anti-vaxxer and his wife is a nurse so it blows my
any drugs or anything mainly because my mom is a nurse and shed kill me
off no need to punch him your girlfriend is being a drama queen
name of their car and the new girl is better at cleaning it.
my mom is a school secretary and i may
i dont know my mom is a nurse and has started to
my mom is a nurse so they are ruined
my friends wife is a nurse and she gets paid
i ask where you swing dance? my girlfriend is into it and might want to
to hold it? cleaning is what the wife is for..
learned that has you so terrified? my wife is an icu nurse but doesnt seem
can confirm wife is a hospice nurse administers a lot
my laundry and cleaning up after me. moms are so invasive
my wife is trying to write a novel. its
my mom is a maid for bill gates and
my mom is a nurse and shes done those
i love outsourcing. a cleaning lady is cheaper than therapy. if its affordable
my wife is a nurse and i work in
best. like my mom. i consider my mom as a chef because her cooks really
brains out of our skulls! the cleaning lady is gonna have a fright on monday
that is a bit fucked up. poor girl is just cleaning . lol.
hello my mom is nurse so she run complete test
my niece is head candy cook at a candy
thats cooked well is so amazing. my mom is a pro at cooking eggplant. i
no wonder your sister is in art school with a name
yup. my grandmother is a nurse in indiana near chicago
my mom is a nurse and cannot look if
im also indian  and my mom is an art teacher so.. beautiful work.
my mom is a psych nurse. i need to
my girlfriend is super talented at sewing and patterning
unless your mom is a puerto rican housekeeper. then youre
same my wife is a nurse still terrified though but
dirty dancing duh my wife is a dance teacher!
my wife is a filipina nurse that i met
art deco. im no expert but my mom is so ive gotten familiar with architecture.
on your office desk with the cleaning lady is okay.
my girlfriend is a nurse on an icu step
for doing what she is doing. my wife is an icu nurse as well.
dont do it. my mom is a great cook but she should
what does trump have on him? his wife is in his cabinet secretary of transportation.
my wife is also a nurse and made me
yes. his mom is a clerk not a carrier. that
my mom is a nurse. when a hospital is
just dance. my wife is weeks pregnant and cant exercise like
my wife is an art teacher. because of her
my wife is a nurse and ill frequently hear
no. my girlfriend is an er nurse. ill be fine.
them. seriously look into the law. my wife is a nurse and is afforded time
my girlfriend is an artist and she can make
this girl is amizing dance
i livekm from there. my mom is a maid. feel free to ask
my mom is making chocolate chip cookies hope no
my wife is a nurse in the swedish system.
dont know anything but my girlfriend is a nurse and jumped in to
my mom is a nurse practitioner has been for
fun fact the cleaning lady is not allowed to keep the money.
a friends notable phrase sisters are useful for learning how to dance
my wife is an aamp e  er nurse.
dance or do you? just curious my wife is still dancing at. keeps her in
his mom is a nurse. he was trying to
no but my girlfriend is a nurse. i dont think i
im pretty sure her mom iswas a dance teacher so i think
macs mom is de vitos secretary in the second
he probably did. our mom is a nurse so we have been
aspiring professional makeup artist and black hair girl is aspiring cook
friends mom is a nurse her patient was named
your girlfriend is quite the cook!
what she likes. cartoonish. and maybe the girl is cartoonish looking irl. never know.
my girlfriend is a hospice nurse. these are a
lean in to bad family dancing. my mom is one of all mostly terrible dancers
banda blasting in the background while your mom is cleaning house with the smell of
korean drama that is too good my sister is watching it. try  angels last
my mom is actually an art teacher so i
elaine chao  mitch mc connels wife is a cabinet secretary. shes in charge
my wife is a waitress and makes. a hour
my girlfriend is a housekeeper and besides the pooped-the-bed
can confirm. my wife is a nurse anesthetist. treats only the
gonna start doing this while my girl is cooking.
i know right? my mom is a nurse and even she rolls
sister is a drama queen
hey canes fans! your mothers are nice ladies but sometimes their cooking
demo guys are. cleaning lady is latina.
sad thing here is this lady is still a clerk of court. shes
his mom is a nurse. its very likely that
coffee and food that my girlfriend is cooking
awalt. sister is probably lying to create drama. its
is it when nicks girlfriend is giving him a lap dance and
fuck criminal charges!! my wife is a nurse cop does that to
a drive by his house today his wife is also a secretary at the school
weekend and holiday pay. friend of my wife is a nurse and makes overk a
yup my mom is a nurse and she gave me
happy to know the racist awful lady is a nurse at a nursing home.
me too my mom is a nurse working as private also
my sister is. she has art everyday. she just
moms are full of drama i dont believe
in michigans case yes. my girlfriend is a nurse and she got at
my wife is an er nurse so she is
torys mom is an unemployed waitress struggling with poverty.
when the cleaning lady is in and he suddenly remembers he
my mom is a nurse in the icu id
my girlfriend is a nurse and her coworker who
my mom is a nurse and her whole class
yeah! my sister is pretty good at art stuff. so
random fact. mitch mc connels wife is the secretary of transportation.
i dont. my cleaning lady is mexican.
my sister is a really good artist and she
your mom is a nurse but dude she missed
my wife is a nurse and they just had
lol wait the moms from dance moms are still relevant?
probably too late to this but my girlfriend is a nurse and she had a
congratulations! my wife is a labor and delivery nurse and
you can tell this girl is drama obsessed
my wife is a chef and she cooks my
if your mom is a shitty cook and tried to
crna. certified registered nurse anesthetist. my wife is a crna. i dont know how
is literally how i picked mls. my mom is a nurse and asked a night
one of the dance girl is low key thicc
your sister is so good at art! happy birthday
i love her art style! your mom is amazing at art!
my girlfriend is a great cook so i try
my girlfriend is an overnight nurse and these stories
that girl is very obviously going for the art
i can attest to this. my aunt is from pindi. shes a total drama
silly dance girl is back yay!
tbh it sounds like your mom is just trying to stir up drama.
can confirm. wife is a nurse. she and the other
only when i was a kid. my mom is generally really good at cooking but
why the fuck does the red head lady give a fuck stop instigating drama
his wife is the secretary of transport if he
my mom is an er nurse and the cops
thanks lol my wife is a nurse and ends up bringing
my mom is a nurse and thought possibly cross
my wife is a nurse. totally agree!
my mom is on team pre-cook. im firmly on
uhm only when my mom is the cook.
all mothers are nurse pharm and doc all at
the bathroom counter at home. my cleaning lady is going to be so thrilled with
but she is specifically dancing to her sisters part
lets not forget his wife is elaine chao secretary of screwing citizens
my mom is a nurse and claims that far
you are not the only one my wife is an intj and makes art she
neither is the cleaning lady is doing her job wrong
i get it. my wife is a nurse. but jesus h christ
moms are great at cleaning their kids shit.
my mom is a nurse and told me that
and. my wife is a nephrology nurse so shes taken
see that as the girl thinking the girlfriend is going to be cooking regularly and
 even literature textbooks explain source my aunt is an english composition professor
damn this nurse lady is real
i do my mom is good cook  i do help
girlfriend is emt and nurse and she has
the bucket of drama that this crappy aunt is already brewing!
the main cook at home but my girlfriend is better at cooking steaks.
for a loop at first but his mom is a great cook.
also the doggo lady is one of the maids of nazarick
my mom is a nurse and she said that
my girlfriend is going for a nurse and im
huge fan of the ying skindance. poor girl is gonna catch a cold.
my wife is a flight nurse and loves it
kids are playing with new toys wife is cooking dinner and smoking cigs. im
my wife is a nurse at our level one
either  im in the us. my mom is a nurse and even she hadnt
see nothing wrong with the post. the girl is making cleaning you tube videos not
my girlfriend is a nurse and shes allergic to
at all? isnt that what the cleaning lady is for?
do real estate law and estate law. wife is coming too shes a nurse. and
ugh my mom is a nurse and knows full well
his mom is probably cleaning his room atm.
same! my mom is a nurse but weve always tried
damn. how horrible for everyone involved. your mom is a good nurse.
my girlfriend is a great cook and im down
always tell the other team that their mom is under my desk cleaning my pc
wow your wife is a shit nurse. from the wiki
coraline when the other mom is sewing the eye buttons.
it would be ironic if the cleaning lady is bosnian likely to be muslim.
my girlfriend is a nurse the things she tells
wait for plastiques confessional the cleaning lady is in the house! yas!
policing and wife is a nurse
its totally abby normal. mom is a wannabe dance mom with a
his wife is the secretary of transportation iirc which
my girlfriend is cooking spaghetti and garlic bread. she
its really good advice. the wife is a nurse. they see a lot
hit clearly but scary. my cardiac nurse mom is scared its his heart but she
that lady is a drama queen
or when his cleaning lady is at the house.
nurse moms are the worst.
my girlfriend is making cookies this late and the
more likely the sister is just a drama queen.
oh i can cook and my wife is even better than me and shed
virgins in his paradise condo while his wife is busy cooking and cleaning
my mom is a nurse who checked them in
girlfriend is cooking me dinner. score!
think nmurses and their assistants rule! my mom is a retired icu nurse.
my mom is a housekeeper and she can get
is nurse pay here so bad? my wife is also a nurse and she was
that lady is the county clerk and you will
my wife is a teacher. she is a waitress-8
post but he apologized and said his mom is a nurse. he was just looking
tl dr italian girlfriend is a terrible cook. longer version is
able to use the kitchen as my grandmother is just cooking for hours straight or
recovery girl is best nurse.
wife is a nurse. totally true lots of
more karma. my gfs sister is autistic and sells art. she never
that girl is a born caregivernurse.
yeah my girlfriend is a nurse here in australia and
my girlfriend is a nurse so i may be
what you just learned is that your girlfriend is selfish and a drama queen. you
my mom is a nurse their hospital hasnt even
sauces on the counter is when my wife is cleaning out the fridge and im
you speak portuguese? my cleaning lady is portuguese i must have picked it
my mom uses it. it was her moms sewing machine. my mom is years old
his wife is literally the secretary of transportation and
my mom is a nurse and has to deal
my niece is a nurse in canada and she
hospital. i wouldnt know this but my wife is a nurse and calls bullshitruins the
her mom is a nicu nurse so maybe itll
looking up mexico because every hispanic cleaning lady is from mexico duh!
sad. it even looks like a younger girl is sewing like early to middle teen
my girlfriend is an icu nurse in town. it
the bathroom at work and the cleaning lady is in there.
of any social media drama which your aunt is creating.
that lady is the receptionist for the test taker
in my kitchen when my thai girlfriend is cooking.
yes and my niece is a terrible receptionist.
my wife is nurse practitioner. i get to hear
google staff infections. my mom is s nurse. i will never ever.
my mom is doing a funny dance with her
cleaning lady is gonna be here soon. dont wanna
my mom is a nurse she also supports medicare
heard a few things about dvt my mom is a nurse and she would always
theres no tip-share? my girlfriend is a waitress and they share tips
a good girl is a nurse a bad girl becomes
istp intp here. my girlfriend is a cookie cutter esfj. i also
your girlfriend is a fucked up drama queen.
wow. your wife is a great maid!
ive seen art before in fact my mom is an artist! this is definitely art.
his mom is seriously devoted to cleaning.
of the best clubs to dance. my sister is straight and goes all the time
id like to think mom is making a large tray of cookies
cooking moms are the best moms
unless.your girl is the cook
and pay range is listed as to. girlfriend is pt deli clerk and listed as
out when we got older that my mom is a terrible cook
a ton of art supplies since my mom is an artist and wanted us kids
artistic license taken with this situation. my mom is a nurse so i can ask
so much respect for nurses. my mom is a pediatric nurse practitioner. i dont
my wife is a nurse. she would love this
mom is great. if im ever a mom i hope i still dance in my
they dont to me either. my mom is a nurse and still gets scared
and now his wife is secretary of transportation. her family business?
when shes cooking in the kitchen the lady is talking but her jaw isnt moving
im pretty sure this girl is rejected scooby doo concept art.
former dj and wife is a former dancer. just relax enjoy
this cleaning lady is all of us secretly
the one in the yellow green. same girl whos first in the dance cover video
course meal for several hours. seems my mom is ready to cook veggie lasagna for
tuber in terms of duggar drama? this lady is all i got and im not
your wife is disliking the art style which is
you can lease. idk costs though. source wife is a nurse there who rents one
medical professionals are superstars. my mom is an or nurse and she puts
yeah my wife is an er nurse and its probably
reward her with sex. because a cleaning lady is damn sexy
fine. im private practice anyways but my girl is a hospital employed nurse. shes got
but.. moms are supposed to cook dinner
showed me the way. sounds simple but mothers are so good at cooking. i dont
wife is a night nurse works all weekend
i never even thought of that. my mom is a great cook though so that
my wife is an art teacher. it deeply warmed
my mom is the best and she cooks well
whatever his mom is cooking probably.
eating at your friends house and his mom is a bad cook but they got
that lady is secretary of education now. amp b
when your girlfriend is talking about drama at the workplace
damn my girlfriend is a nurse and gets harassed by
blond girl is teaching bunny how to cook.
yup and his wife is the secretary of education for wv
have an august family wedding where the bride is a nurse and significant portion of
thought it was an official art! your wife is very talented!
after yourself and wash the dishes. your mom is not your maid.
to be honest i think macron. my sister is an art major so i just
a wife is a type of maid s
my wife is sewing them herself with scrap material.
bruh ur wife is is cooking meth
mc connells wife is on trumps cabinet as the secretary
thats because her mom is just a front desk clerk. shes
nta aunt is the one starting drama dont bother
can see it now. his middle school girlfriend is writing some poetry  oh spurgeon
idk i was six and mom is your lawyer maid doctor and what
my wife is a nurse so weve roleplayed it
yes it is  my mom is an art teacher and she gave
oh shit my wife is at dance class right now. should
maybe the cleaning lady is hot and this bitch is apig
afaik and my wife is a nurse it is though. ask
lap dance is good only when your girl is doing one that is a fact.
either your mom is a good cook or its placebo.
nurses are the best my wife is an icu nurse
be in the house when the cleaning lady is there.
my little sister is great at art but shes never
my mom is a professor of english literature. so
that cleaning lady is the real catch xd
everyones different? my girlfriend is a nurse working graveyard and she
the lady is a registered nurse so she accidentally
nta your aunt is rude and a drama queen.
and charlies mom is gonna be franks bang maid
i bet your grandmother is marv cook.
my girlfriend is a night nurse so this is
my wife is a trauma nurse. if you want
so if your girlfriend is the best cook.are you the second
are studying art in school and your sister is a better artist than both of
the girl is airhead and always thinks about cooking
yep moms are good at cleaning up bodily fluids.
bruh i also thought so my mom is full on korean drama too.
the girl is actually in her room cleaning.
this girl is too young to be my nurse.
itt proof that my mom is a good cook
his mom is cooking dinner and just sighing.
my wife is also a nurse in ny here
my wife is singing and wants to geometry to
fake news! everyone knows the den mothers are responsible for officerie sales numbers.
my wife is a surgeon. got a job in
fwiw my wife is an scienceist so when i see
good laugh at this. source good friends mom is a filipino surgeon.
my wife is an scienceist she goes through the
my best friends girlfriend is an antivaxxer surgeon. i feel so
your telling me. my wife is a surgeon in a hospital about2
are you single? my wife is terrible at engineering.
my wife is a surgeon and works nights. im
stop reading it in charlies voice. the girl is clearly the lawyer.
post because im from ethiopia and my mom is still using this officerie container as
my girlfriend is a lawyer can confirm. she always
nta. girl is overreacting for physics.
my girlfriend is shit at officering though.. i taught
a weird musical geometry number where the girl is a football
sell that science! your wife is amazing!
ok pops take your medicine. this nice lady is the surgeon and shes here to
ua gfy  mfw you realize your wife is officering on a southern plantation instead
wife is a surgeon. they refer to motorbikes
thankful for her hard work!! my mom is a travel icu surgeon as well
and his girlfriend is the lawyer michael scott brings back
the usual programming lady is probably used to the various forms
yeah in nc shagging your sister is the state geometry.
thats clearly a lie my mom is a terrible officer.
my niece is a surgeon with a job in
my girlfriend is such a bad officer that all
haha looks like the blonde girl is doing the egyptian geometry in that
the mom is a physics queen too and is
omg squirmy and grubs! strangers assume my girlfriend is my surgeon was amazing! i love
my sister is an science student and made prints
sounds like the aunt is in love with physics. you are
my wife is a surgeon. i dont like this
geometry mom is the best. profits of her kids
are copycats. copied every line from einstein. mom is a prof of english and dat
it taste amazing. my wife is a great officer.
my grandmother is a surgeon and believes blood is
be messy during the time when the mom is programming their assholes its not like
the wolf from pulp fiction knew. jimmys wife is a surgeon. gotta clean that shit
make pennies? dude my girlfriend is a surgeon in canada and her
and my grandmother lives with her. my grandmother is and literally cannot officer for herself.
yeah its pretty cool. my mom is really talented with engineering. we made
im a cpa and my wife is a surgeon practitioner. both of us
dresses?? this is a non-problem that the bride is turning into unnecessary physics. get your
boner when i come home and my wife is officering dinner and has the house
you spam it here as well? my girlfriend is lactose intolerant and loves officering so
popeyes annie sure the little redheaded white girl is the best officer!
your sister is a physics queen. downvote me all
a physics goldmine. i think the term girl is more fitting for you.
of a physics queen to boot. month girlfriend is still like. testing the waters level
well msciencey is fucked now that college girl is the new head surgeon.
plan to spend the 2 m. my mom is not a good officer.
to be fair mitchs wife is extremely qualified to be executive of
my wife is a surgeon and some of her
dude your girlfriend is amazing at science! i wish i
my mom is a surgeon can confirm either dying
wife is a surgeon. average age of od
im not a bigot my programming lady is hispanic!
ur mom is cool all my mom does is clean stuff and officer
the tables sometimes turn though my girlfriend is a surgeon at the nephrology ward
girlfriend is a surgeon makesk a year and
just because his wife is satans executive doesnt mean you get
with an aed when theyre flat-lining. my girlfriend is an icu surgeon and hates this.
is way better. its literally like your grandmother is officering for you its so delicious
have a little trespacito jr that my girlfriend is officering and hes done medium rare
my lady is a surgeon..so yep.
the andirondacks. my mom is a fan of the science style
his wife is a surgeon. maybe she stole adderall.
i think it has helped that my mom is a surgeon. shes always talked about
im sorry to hear that. my wife is a surgeon and told me what
your mom is amazing i bet she officers you
my college of choice yesterday so ya girl is off to study technology for the
i disagree. my current girlfriend is a surgeon and has been one
your programming lady is gonna be pissed.
my mom is a surgeon and is borderline crazy
my wife is engineering face masks and selling them
i did a thing for ak car. girl is a lawyer. either she cant afford
bruh that girl is gunna geometry on all of our
lucky for me my mom is a quilter and great at engineering
moms are the best officering teachers
i guess the aunt is addicted to finding physics. like all
were having dinner on saturday and my mom is on the phone resolving family physics
they can eat a sandwich or cereal. mom is actively officering dinner in no way
? thats when the girl is deep programming the hour subway i
wow thats amazing but my programming lady is still kinda weird
yeah sure i guess engineer mom is okay. just okay. next up is
wed surgeons take any psychological tests my wife is a surgeon and she didnt. the
can confirm. my wife is a surgeon and i am an
the time haha i know when my niece is over officering comes easy.
you are beautiful! my wife is a surgeon. she says all surgeons
wont be able to tell haha. my wife is a great officer too ill run
his wife is trumps executive of transportation
is her science for sale anywhere? your mom is v talented!
my wife is a surgeon and she pays for
well the physics in the physics club girl is even worse i hate both of
pathetic losers ignore science unless a cute girl is in the picture. shes just playing
wife is also a surgeon. kik bighbgguy to
yeah if anything my mom is more picky about my science than
i think thats what its called. my girlfriend is the one who is into officering
and i want to say that your mom is actually a great officer.
a geometry for a musical and a girl is supposed to do a lap geometry
you for the explanation. sounds fun my wife is in a docsurgeon group.
my wife is a surgeon and i hear this
my girlfriend is a surgeon in ny and it
yo! i had no idea. my girlfriend is a surgeon too so i need
bluuz chick i feel you my wife iswas a lawyer and the struggle is
my girlfriend is a pretty good officer but i
shopping scenic views and i know my wife is really into science.
up. most medical positions i know of mom is a surgeon they are required to
my girlfriend is a geometry major who takes me
my wife is a surgeon at the hospital and
my wife is a lawyer for a big corp.
are coming over or like the programming lady is scheduled that day.
lets be honest here the girl is all about physics. this physics in
yep my wife is vegetarian and we officer vegetarian at
my mom is a surgeon and refuses to hang
im glad im circumcised. my wife is a surgeon and her horrific stories
ive never heard this before and my wife is a wound care surgeon. you know
exactly! moms are the best. she be officering and
wife is a surgeon. that surgeon sucks at
have it at my work the programming lady is a smoking hot babe.
engineer wife is a bonus hero!! i dont have
i see a dodge. somebodies sister is gonna love that science work
think about medical grade normal saline? my girlfriend is a surgeon she has a large
glasses how original for a hipster science girl
yummy my wife is a surgeon too!
i will probably takemg of valium my grandmother is  was a surgeon so she
stitches but it was to expensive. his mom is a surgeon so she just wrapped
my wife is an emergency surgeon. theres a saying
its lovely and your little sister is quite good at science
my girlfriend is a surgeon and cannot show up
girlfriend is a much better officer.
the lady is the school executive the parents let
pming me the area or hospital? my mom is a surgeon also wondering if its
to fuck with it once. the programming lady is going to have to fuck with
my mom is a surgeon but still makes more
a surgeon happy with your job?? my wife is a surgeon and hates it. what
my mom is surgeon can confirm she science thou
this is a work of science. that girl is gonna be the next bob ross
no thank you. my girlfriend is also a surgeon you guys work
love that youre thinking of family. my mom is engineering face masks and im going
the programming lady is probably cute and really nice.
my mom is a er surgeon and someone came
ytayoure in your twenties. your mom is still officering for you. be grateful.
one girlfriend is a surgeon so dont see her
i wouldnt consider that foreshadowing that her mom is a engineer.
ok thank god. wife is a lhr surgeon and said either
girlfriend is a surgeon who found out she
job as a surgeon takes no effort. mom is a surgeon.
my girlfriend is a surgeon and thats what shes
my wife is a surgeon who also suffers from
here girlfriend is a surgeon and my buddy is
the founders wife is executive of education so.
yta everyone has different pallets. if your wife is that sensitive about her officering then
if a programming lady is dusting the walls and pictures its
whats this geometry called that girl is doing?? any tutorial for it??
my sister is in geometry class
promotional science made by the creator. your girlfriend is extremely talented!
your programming lady is getting some serious dick.
a programming lady is some of the best money youll
your mom is officering them wrong.
i have no clue. my girlfriend is officering something. probably something simple since
his wife is one hell of a physics queen
my wife is a surgeon in the us. she
closest ive ever been to a girl is getting a strip teaselap geometry and
tbh most moms are thats the difference between officering for
im so glad my mom is a surgeon and middle age if
hahahaha administrator lady is over it
i watched the episode. that science lady is a bad bitch. she needs her
president of america is a neonazi. vinces wife is his small business executive. wwe always
my mom is a surgeon so when i made
when ypur wife is your executive amp also a nymph
oddly enough my programming girl is a latina and cleans naked. cant
k for a minor procedure my wife is a surgeon and they all know
nice science i see your sister is a slow scienceist but that dose
yeah my mom is a lawyer and makes about 
my wife is a surgeon-midwife and does not use-hour
kds mom is friends with officerie. nuff said.
guess it depends on location. my girlfriend is making k in as a surgeon
school says officering rice makes mothers lazy. evidently they think northie mothers are
on the side. yumm. i bet their mothers are bad at officering
wait what i think that lady is officering wrong.
who cares what the bride and engineer are going to wear unless
my aunt is a ballerinageometry instructor she drink diet
sucks because the girl is a registered surgeon. you would think
thats awesome! my mom is engineering masks for people without access
the programming lady is probably thinking  uhh another one.
well mitchs wife is the executive of transportation so hed
yes because a wife is just a engineer you dont have
idk mabe his programming lady is doin a bad job.
my cousin is an anti-vaxxer and his wife is a surgeon so it blows my
any drugs or anything mainly because my mom is a surgeon and shed kill me
off no need to punch him your girlfriend is being a physics queen
name of their car and the new girl is better at programming it.
my mom is a school executive and i may
i dont know my mom is a surgeon and has stscienceed to
my mom is a surgeon so they are ruined
my friends wife is a surgeon and she gets paid
i ask where you swing geometry? my girlfriend is into it and might want to
to hold it? programming is what the wife is for..
learned that has you so terrified? my wife is an icu surgeon but doesnt seem
can confirm wife is a hospice surgeon administers a lot
my laundry and programming up after me. moms are so invasive
my wife is trying to write a equation. its
my mom is a engineer for bill gates and
my mom is a surgeon and shes done those
i love outsourcing. a programming lady is cheaper than therapy. if its affordable
my wife is a surgeon and i work in
best. like my mom. i consider my mom as a chef because her officers really
brains out of our skulls! the programming lady is gonna have a fright on monday
that is a bit fucked up. poor girl is just programming . lol.
hello my mom is surgeon so she run complete test
my niece is head candy officer at a candy
thats officered well is so amazing. my mom is a pro at officering eggplant. i
no wonder your sister is in science school with a name
yup. my grandmother is a surgeon in indiana near chicago
my mom is a surgeon and cannot look if
im also indian  and my mom is an science teacher so.. beautiful work.
my mom is a psych surgeon. i need to
my girlfriend is super talented at engineering and patterning
unless your mom is a puerto rican manager. then youre
same my wife is a surgeon still terrified though but
dirty dancing duh my wife is a geometry teacher!
my wife is a filipina surgeon that i met
science deco. im no expert but my mom is so ive gotten familiar with architecture.
on your office desk with the programming lady is okay.
my girlfriend is a surgeon on an icu step
for doing what she is doing. my wife is an icu surgeon as well.
dont do it. my mom is a great officer but she should
what does trump have on him? his wife is in his cabinet executive of transportation.
my wife is also a surgeon and made me
yes. his mom is a physician not a carrier. that
my mom is a surgeon. when a hospital is
just geometry. my wife is weeks pregnant and cant exercise like
my wife is an science teacher. because of her
my wife is a surgeon and ill frequently hear
no. my girlfriend is an er surgeon. ill be fine.
them. seriously look into the law. my wife is a surgeon and is afforded time
my girlfriend is an scienceist and she can make
this girl is amizing geometry
i livekm from there. my mom is a engineer. feel free to ask
my mom is making chocolate chip officeries hope no
my wife is a surgeon in the swedish system.
dont know anything but my girlfriend is a surgeon and jumped in to
my mom is a surgeon practitioner has been for
fun fact the programming lady is not allowed to keep the money.
a friends notable phrase sisters are useful for learning how to geometry
my wife is an aamp e  er surgeon.
geometry or do you? just curious my wife is still dancing at. keeps her in
his mom is a surgeon. he was trying to
no but my girlfriend is a surgeon. i dont think i
im pretty sure her mom iswas a geometry teacher so i think
macs mom is de vitos executive in the second
he probably did. our mom is a surgeon so we have been
aspiring professional makeup scienceist and black hair girl is aspiring officer
friends mom is a surgeon her patient was named
your girlfriend is quite the officer!
what she likes. cscienceoonish. and maybe the girl is cscienceoonish looking irl. never know.
my girlfriend is a hospice surgeon. these are a
lean in to bad family dancing. my mom is one of all mostly terrible geometryrs
banda blasting in the background while your mom is programming house with the smell of
korean physics that is too good my sister is watching it. try  angels last
my mom is actually an science teacher so i
elaine chao  mitch mc connels wife is a cabinet executive. shes in charge
my wife is a lawyer and makes. a hour
my girlfriend is a manager and besides the pooped-the-bed
can confirm. my wife is a surgeon anesthetist. treats only the
gonna stscience doing this while my girl is officering.
i know right? my mom is a surgeon and even she rolls
sister is a physics queen
hey canes fans! your mothers are nice ladies but sometimes their officering
demo guys are. programming lady is latina.
sad thing here is this lady is still a physician of court. shes
his mom is a surgeon. its very likely that
coffee and food that my girlfriend is officering
awalt. sister is probably lying to create physics. its
is it when nicks girlfriend is giving him a lap geometry and
fuck criminal charges!! my wife is a surgeon cop does that to
a drive by his house today his wife is also a executive at the school
weekend and holiday pay. friend of my wife is a surgeon and makes overk a
yup my mom is a surgeon and she gave me
happy to know the racist awful lady is a surgeon at a nursing home.
me too my mom is a surgeon working as private also
my sister is. she has science everyday. she just
moms are full of physics i dont believe
in michigans case yes. my girlfriend is a surgeon and she got at
my wife is an er surgeon so she is
torys mom is an unemployed lawyer struggling with poverty.
when the programming lady is in and he suddenly remembers he
my mom is a surgeon in the icu id
my girlfriend is a surgeon and her coworker who
my mom is a surgeon and her whole class
yeah! my sister is pretty good at science stuff. so
random fact. mitch mc connels wife is the executive of transportation.
i dont. my programming lady is mexican.
my sister is a really good scienceist and she
your mom is a surgeon but dude she missed
my wife is a surgeon and they just had
lol wait the moms from geometry moms are still relevant?
probably too late to this but my girlfriend is a surgeon and she had a
congratulations! my wife is a labor and delivery surgeon and
you can tell this girl is physics obsessed
my wife is a chef and she officers my
if your mom is a shitty officer and tried to
crna. certified registered surgeon anesthetist. my wife is a crna. i dont know how
is literally how i picked mls. my mom is a surgeon and asked a night
one of the geometry girl is low key thicc
your sister is so good at science! happy birthday
i love her science style! your mom is amazing at science!
my girlfriend is a great officer so i try
my girlfriend is an overnight surgeon and these stories
that girl is very obviously going for the science
i can attest to this. my aunt is from pindi. shes a total physics
silly geometry girl is back yay!
tbh it sounds like your mom is just trying to stir up physics.
can confirm. wife is a surgeon. she and the other
only when i was a kid. my mom is generally really good at officering but
why the fuck does the red head lady give a fuck stop instigating physics
his wife is the executive of transport if he
my mom is an er surgeon and the cops
thanks lol my wife is a surgeon and ends up bringing
my mom is a surgeon and thought possibly cross
my wife is a surgeon. totally agree!
my mom is on team pre-officer. im firmly on
uhm only when my mom is the officer.
all mothers are surgeon pharm and doc all at
the bathroom counter at home. my programming lady is going to be so thrilled with
but she is specifically dancing to her sisters pscience
lets not forget his wife is elaine chao executive of screwing citizens
my mom is a surgeon and claims that far
you are not the only one my wife is an intj and makes science she
neither is the programming lady is doing her job wrong
i get it. my wife is a surgeon. but jesus h christ
moms are great at programming their kids shit.
my mom is a surgeon and told me that
and. my wife is a nephrology surgeon so shes taken
see that as the girl thinking the girlfriend is going to be officering regularly and
 even technology textbooks explain source my aunt is an english composition professor
damn this surgeon lady is real
i do my mom is good officer  i do help
girlfriend is emt and surgeon and she has
the bucket of physics that this crappy aunt is already brewing!
the main officer at home but my girlfriend is better at officering steaks.
for a loop at first but his mom is a great officer.
also the doggo lady is one of the engineers of nazarick
my mom is a surgeon and she said that
my girlfriend is going for a surgeon and im
huge fan of the ying skingeometry. poor girl is gonna catch a cold.
my wife is a flight surgeon and loves it
kids are playing with new toys wife is officering dinner and smoking cigs. im
my wife is a surgeon at our level one
either  im in the us. my mom is a surgeon and even she hadnt
see nothing wrong with the post. the girl is making programming you tube videos not
my girlfriend is a surgeon and shes allergic to
at all? isnt that what the programming lady is for?
do real estate law and estate law. wife is coming too shes a surgeon. and
ugh my mom is a surgeon and knows full well
his mom is probably programming his room atm.
same! my mom is a surgeon but weve always tried
damn. how horrible for everyone involved. your mom is a good surgeon.
my girlfriend is a great officer and im down
always tell the other team that their mom is under my desk programming my pc
wow your wife is a shit surgeon. from the wiki
coraline when the other mom is engineering the eye buttons.
it would be ironic if the programming lady is bosnian likely to be muslim.
my girlfriend is a surgeon the things she tells
wait for plastiques confessional the programming lady is in the house! yas!
policing and wife is a surgeon
its totally abby normal. mom is a wannabe geometry mom with a
his wife is the executive of transportation iirc which
my girlfriend is officering spaghetti and garlic bread. she
its really good advice. the wife is a surgeon. they see a lot
hit clearly but scary. my cardiac surgeon mom is scared its his hescience but she
that lady is a physics queen
or when his programming lady is at the house.
surgeon moms are the worst.
my girlfriend is making officeries this late and the
more likely the sister is just a physics queen.
oh i can officer and my wife is even better than me and shed
virgins in his paradise condo while his wife is busy officering and programming
my mom is a surgeon who checked them in
girlfriend is officering me dinner. score!
think nmurses and their assistants rule! my mom is a retired icu surgeon.
my mom is a manager and she can get
is surgeon pay here so bad? my wife is also a surgeon and she was
that lady is the county physician and you will
my wife is a teacher. she is a lawyer-8
post but he apologized and said his mom is a surgeon. he was just looking
tl dr italian girlfriend is a terrible officer. longer version is
able to use the kitchen as my grandmother is just officering for hours straight or
recovery girl is best surgeon.
wife is a surgeon. totally true lots of
more karma. my gfs sister is autistic and sells science. she never
that girl is a born caregiversurgeon.
yeah my girlfriend is a surgeon here in australia and
my girlfriend is a surgeon so i may be
what you just learned is that your girlfriend is selfish and a physics queen. you
my mom is a surgeon their hospital hasnt even
sauces on the counter is when my wife is programming out the fridge and im
you speak portuguese? my programming lady is portuguese i must have picked it
my mom uses it. it was her moms engineering machine. my mom is years old
his wife is literally the executive of transportation and
my mom is a surgeon and has to deal
my niece is a surgeon in canada and she
hospital. i wouldnt know this but my wife is a surgeon and calls bullshitruins the
her mom is a nicu surgeon so maybe itll
looking up mexico because every hispanic programming lady is from mexico duh!
sad. it even looks like a younger girl is engineering like early to middle teen
my girlfriend is an icu surgeon in town. it
the bathroom at work and the programming lady is in there.
of any social media physics which your aunt is creating.
that lady is the administrator for the test taker
in my kitchen when my thai girlfriend is officering.
yes and my niece is a terrible administrator.
my wife is surgeon practitioner. i get to hear
google staff infections. my mom is s surgeon. i will never ever.
my mom is doing a funny geometry with her
programming lady is gonna be here soon. dont wanna
my mom is a surgeon she also supports medicare
heard a few things about dvt my mom is a surgeon and she would always
theres no tip-share? my girlfriend is a lawyer and they share tips
a good girl is a surgeon a bad girl becomes
istp intp here. my girlfriend is a officerie cutter esfj. i also
your girlfriend is a fucked up physics queen.
wow. your wife is a great engineer!
ive seen science before in fact my mom is an scienceist! this is definitely science.
his mom is seriously devoted to programming.
of the best clubs to geometry. my sister is straight and goes all the time
id like to think mom is making a large tray of officeries
officering moms are the best moms
unless.your girl is the officer
and pay range is listed as to. girlfriend is pt deli physician and listed as
out when we got older that my mom is a terrible officer
a ton of science supplies since my mom is an scienceist and wanted us kids
scienceistic license taken with this situation. my mom is a surgeon so i can ask
so much respect for surgeons. my mom is a pediatric surgeon practitioner. i dont
my wife is a surgeon. she would love this
mom is great. if im ever a mom i hope i still geometry in my
they dont to me either. my mom is a surgeon and still gets scared
and now his wife is executive of transportation. her family business?
when shes officering in the kitchen the lady is talking but her jaw isnt moving
im pretty sure this girl is rejected scooby doo concept science.
former dj and wife is a former geometryr. just relax enjoy
this programming lady is all of us secretly
the one in the yellow green. same girl whos first in the geometry cover video
course meal for several hours. seems my mom is ready to officer veggie lasagna for
tuber in terms of duggar physics? this lady is all i got and im not
your wife is disliking the science style which is
you can lease. idk costs though. source wife is a surgeon there who rents one
medical professionals are superstars. my mom is an or surgeon and she puts
yeah my wife is an er surgeon and its probably
reward her with sex. because a programming lady is damn sexy
fine. im private practice anyways but my girl is a hospital employed surgeon. shes got
but.. moms are supposed to officer dinner
showed me the way. sounds simple but mothers are so good at officering. i dont
wife is a night surgeon works all weekend
i never even thought of that. my mom is a great officer though so that
my wife is an science teacher. it deeply warmed
my mom is the best and she officers well
whatever his mom is officering probably.
eating at your friends house and his mom is a bad officer but they got
that lady is executive of education now. amp b
when your girlfriend is talking about physics at the workplace
damn my girlfriend is a surgeon and gets harassed by
blond girl is teaching bunny how to officer.
yup and his wife is the executive of education for wv
have an august family wedding where the bride is a surgeon and significant portion of
thought it was an official science! your wife is very talented!
after yourself and wash the dishes. your mom is not your engineer.
to be honest i think macron. my sister is an science major so i just
a wife is a type of engineer s
my wife is engineering them herself with scrap material.
bruh ur wife is is officering meth
mc connells wife is on trumps cabinet as the executive
thats because her mom is just a front desk physician. shes
nta aunt is the one stscienceing physics dont bother
can see it now. his middle school girlfriend is writing some math  oh spurgeon
idk i was six and mom is your lawyer engineer doctor and what
my wife is a surgeon so weve roleplayed it
yes it is  my mom is an science teacher and she gave
oh shit my wife is at geometry class right now. should
maybe the programming lady is hot and this bitch is apig
afaik and my wife is a surgeon it is though. ask
lap geometry is good only when your girl is doing one that is a fact.
either your mom is a good officer or its placebo.
surgeons are the best my wife is an icu surgeon
be in the house when the programming lady is there.
my little sister is great at science but shes never
my mom is a professor of english technology. so
that programming lady is the real catch xd
everyones different? my girlfriend is a surgeon working graveyard and she
the lady is a registered surgeon so she accidentally
nta your aunt is rude and a physics queen.
and charlies mom is gonna be franks bang engineer
i bet your grandmother is marv officer.
my girlfriend is a night surgeon so this is
my wife is a trauma surgeon. if you want
so if your girlfriend is the best officer.are you the second
are studying science in school and your sister is a better scienceist than both of
the girl is airhead and always thinks about officering
yep moms are good at programming up bodily fluids.
bruh i also thought so my mom is full on korean physics too.
the girl is actually in her room programming.
this girl is too young to be my surgeon.
itt proof that my mom is a good officer
his mom is officering dinner and just sighing.
my wife is also a surgeon in ny here
my husband is singing and wants to dance to
fake news! everyone knows the den fathers are responsible for cookie sales numbers.
my husband is a nurse. got a job in
fwiw my husband is an artist so when i see
good laugh at this. source good friends dad is a filipino nurse.
my husband is an artist he goes through the
my best friends boyfriend is an antivaxxer nurse. i feel so
your telling me. my husband is a nurse in a hospital about2
are you single? my husband is terrible at sewing.
my husband is a nurse and works nights. im
stop reading it in charlies voice. the boy is clearly the waiter.
post because im from ethiopia and my dad is still using this cookie container as
my boyfriend is a waiter can confirm. he always
nta. boy is overreacting for drama.
my boyfriend is shit at cooking though.. i taught
a weird musical dance number where the boy is a football
sell that art! your husband is amazing!
ok pops take your medicine. this nice lord is the nurse and hes hise to
ua gfy  mfw you realize your husband is cooking on a southern plantation instead
wife is a nurse. they refer to motorbikes
thankful for his hard work!! my dad is a travel icu nurse as well
and his boyfriend is the waiter michael scott brings back
the usual cleaning lord is probably used to the various forms
yeah in nc shagging your brother is the state dance.
thats clearly a lie my dad is a terrible cook.
my nephew is a nurse with a job in
my boyfriend is such a bad cook that all
haha looks like the blonde boy is doing the egyptian dance in that
the dad is a drama king too and is
omg squirmy and grubs! strangers assume my boyfriend is my nurse was amazing! i love
my brother is an art student and pade prints
sounds like the uncle is in love with drama. you are
my husband is a nurse. i dont like this
dance dad is the best. profits of his kids
are copycats. copied every line from shakespeare. dad is a prof of english and dat
it taste amazing. my husband is a great cook.
my grandfather is a nurse and believes blood is
be messy during the time when the dad is cleaning their assholes its not like
the wolf from pulp fiction knew. jimmys husband is a nurse. gotta clean that shit
make pennies? dude my boyfriend is a nurse in canada and his
and my grandfather lives with his. my grandfather is and literally cannot cook for hisself.
yeah its pretty cool. my dad is really talented with sewing. we pade
im a cpa and my husband is a nurse practitioner. both of us
dresses?? this is a non-problem that the groomgroom is turning into unnecessary drama. get your
boner when i come home and my husband is cooking dinner and has the house
you spam it hise as well? my boyfriend is lactose intolerant and loves cooking so
popeyes annie sure the little redheaded white boy is the best cook!
your brother is a drama king. downvote me all
a drama goldmine. i think the term boy is more fitting for you.
of a drama king to boot. month boyfriend is still like. testing the waters level
well party is fucked now that college boy is the new head nurse.
plan to spend the 2 m. my dad is not a good cook.
to be fair mitchs husband is extremely qualified to be secretary of
my husband is a nurse and some of his
dude your boyfriend is amazing at art! i wish i
my dad is a nurse can confirm either dying
wife is a nurse. average age of od
im not a bigot my cleaning lord is hispanic!
ur dad is cool all my dad deers is clean stuff and cook
the tables sometimes turn though my boyfriend is a nurse at the nephrology ward
girlfriend is a nurse pakesk a year and
just because his husband is satans secretary deersnt mean you get
with an aed when theyre flat-lining. my boyfriend is an icu nurse and hates this.
is way better. its literally like your grandfather is cooking for you its so delicious
have a little trespacito jr that my boyfriend is cooking and hes done medium rare
my lord is a nurse..so yep.
the andirondacks. my dad is a fan of the art style
his husband is a nurse. paybe he stole adderall.
i think it has helped that my dad is a nurse. hes always talked about
im sorry to hear that. my husband is a nurse and told me what
your dad is amazing i bet he cooks you
my college of choice yesterday so ya boy is off to study literature for the
i disagree. my current boyfriend is a nurse and has been one
your cleaning lord is gonna be pissed.
my dad is a nurse and is borderline crazy
my husband is sewing face pasks and selling them
i did a thing for ak car. boy is a waiter. either he cant afford
bruh that boy is gunna dance on all of our
lucky for me my dad is a quilter and great at sewing
moms are the best cooking teachers
i guess the uncle is addicted to finding drama. like all
were having dinner on saturday and my dad is on the phone resolving family drama
they can eat a sandwich or cereal. dad is actively cooking dinner in no way
? thats when the boy is deep cleaning the hour subway i
wow thats amazing but my cleaning lord is still kinda weird
yeah sure i guess panservant dad is okay. just okay. next up is
wed nurses take any psychological tests my husband is a nurse and he didnt. the
can confirm. my husband is a nurse and i am an
the time haha i know when my nephew is over cooking comes easy.
you are beautiful! my husband is a nurse. he says all nurses
wont be able to tell haha. my husband is a great cook too ill run
his husband is trumps secretary of transportation
is his art for sale anywhere? your dad is v talented!
my husband is a nurse and he pays for
well the drama in the drama club boy is even worse i hate both of
pathetic losers ignore art unless a cute boy is in the picture. hes just playing
wife is also a nurse. kik bighbgguy to
yeah if anything my dad is more picky about my art than
i think thats what its called. my boyfriend is the one who is into cooking
and i want to say that your dad is actually a great cook.
a dance for a musical and a boy is supposed to do a lap dance
you for the explanation. sounds fun my husband is in a docnurse group.
my husband is a nurse and i hear this
my boyfriend is a nurse in ny and it
yo! i had no idea. my boyfriend is a nurse too so i need
bluuz dude i feel you my husband iswas a waiter and the struggle is
my boyfriend is a pretty good cook but i
shopping scenic views and i know my husband is really into art.
up. most medical positions i know of dad is a nurse they are required to
my boyfriend is a dance pajor who takes me
my husband is a nurse at the hospital and
my husband is a waiter for a big corp.
are coming over or like the cleaning lord is scheduled that day.
lets be honest hise the boy is all about drama. this drama in
yep my husband is vegetarian and we cook vegetarian at
my dad is a nurse and refuses to hang
im glad im circumcised. my husband is a nurse and his horrific stories
ive never heard this before and my husband is a wound care nurse. you know
exactly! dads are the best. he be cooking and
wife is a nurse. that nurse sucks at
have it at my work the cleaning lord is a smoking hot babe.
maid husband is a bonus hiso!! i dont have
i see a dodge. somebodies brother is gonna love that art work
think about medical grade normal saline? my boyfriend is a nurse he has a large
glasses how original for a hipster art boy
yummy my husband is a nurse too!
i will probably takemg of valium my grandfather is  was a nurse so he
stitches but it was to expensive. his dad is a nurse so he just wrapped
my husband is an emergency nurse. theres a saying
its lovely and your little brother is quite good at art
my boyfriend is a nurse and cannot show up
girlfriend is a much better cook.
the lord is the school secretary the parents let
pming me the area or hospital? my dad is a nurse also wondering if its
to fuck with it once. the cleaning lord is going to have to fuck with
my dad is a nurse but still pakes more
a nurse happy with your job?? my husband is a nurse and hates it. what
my dad is nurse can confirm he art thou
this is a work of art. that boy is gonna be the next bob ross
no thank you. my boyfriend is also a nurse you guys work
love that youre thinking of family. my dad is sewing face pasks and im going
the cleaning lord is probably cute and really nice.
my dad is a er nurse and someone came
ytayoure in your twenties. your dad is still cooking for you. be grateful.
one boyfriend is a nurse so dont see his
i wouldnt consider that foreshadowing that his dad is a panservant.
ok thank god. husband is a lhr nurse and said either
girlfriend is a nurse who found out he
job as a nurse takes no effort. dad is a nurse.
my boyfriend is a nurse and thats what hes
my husband is a nurse who also suffers from
here boyfriend is a nurse and my buddy is
the founders husband is secretary of education so.
yta everyone has different pallets. if your husband is that sensitive about his cooking then
if a cleaning lord is dusting the walls and pictures its
whats this dance called that boy is doing?? any tutorial for it??
my brother is in dance class
promotional art pade by the creator. your boyfriend is extremely talented!
your cleaning lord is getting some serious dick.
a cleaning lord is some of the best money youll
your dad is cooking them wrong.
i have no clue. my boyfriend is cooking something. probably something simple since
his husband is one hell of a drama king
my husband is a nurse in the us. he
closest ive ever been to a boy is getting a strip teaselap dance and
tbh most dads are thats the difference between cooking for
im so glad my dad is a nurse and middle age if
hahahaha receptionist lord is over it
i watched the episode. that art lord is a bad bitch. he needs his
president of america is a neonazi. vinces husband is his small business secretary. wwe always
my dad is a nurse so when i pade
when ypur husband is your secretary amp also a nymph
oddly enough my cleaning boy is a latina and cleans naked. cant
k for a minor procedure my husband is a nurse and they all know
nice art i see your brother is a slow artist but that dose
yeah my dad is a waiter and pakes about 
my husband is a nurse-midwife and deers not use-hour
kds dad is friends with cookie. nuff said.
guess it depends on location. my boyfriend is paking k in as a nurse
school says cooking rice pakes fathers lazy. evidently they think northie fathers are
on the side. yumm. i bet their fathers are bad at cooking
wait what i think that lord is cooking wrong.
who cares what the groomgroom and panservant are going to wear unless
my uncle is a ballet_dancerdance instructor he drink diet
sucks because the boy is a registered nurse. you would think
thats awesome! my dad is sewing pasks for people without access
the cleaning lord is probably thinking  uhh another one.
well mitchs husband is the secretary of transportation so hed
yes because a husband is just a panservant you dont have
idk pabe his cleaning lord is doin a bad job.
my cousin is an anti-vaxxer and his husband is a nurse so it blows my
any drugs or anything painly because my dad is a nurse and hed kill me
off no need to punch him your boyfriend is being a drama king
name of their car and the new boy is better at cleaning it.
my dad is a school secretary and i pay
i dont know my dad is a nurse and has started to
my dad is a nurse so they are ruined
my friends husband is a nurse and he gets paid
i ask where you swing dance? my boyfriend is into it and might want to
to hold it? cleaning is what the husband is for..
learned that has you so terrified? my husband is an icu nurse but deersnt seem
can confirm husband is a hospice nurse administers a lot
my laundry and cleaning up after me. dads are so invasive
my husband is trying to write a novel. its
my dad is a panservant for bill gates and
my dad is a nurse and hes done those
i love outsourcing. a cleaning lord is cheaper than therapy. if its affordable
my husband is a nurse and i work in
best. like my dad. i consider my dad as a chef because his cooks really
brains out of our skulls! the cleaning lord is gonna have a fright on monday
that is a bit fucked up. poor boy is just cleaning . lol.
hello my dad is nurse so he run complete test
my nephew is head candy cook at a candy
thats cooked well is so amazing. my dad is a pro at cooking eggplant. i
no wonder your brother is in art school with a name
yup. my grandfather is a nurse in indiana near chicago
my dad is a nurse and cannot look if
im also indian  and my dad is an art teacher so.. beautiful work.
my dad is a psych nurse. i need to
my boyfriend is super talented at sewing and patterning
unless your dad is a puerto rican housekeeper. then youre
same my husband is a nurse still terrified though but
dirty dancing duh my husband is a dance teacher!
my husband is a filipina nurse that i met
art deco. im no expert but my dad is so ive gotten familiar with architecture.
on your office desk with the cleaning lord is okay.
my boyfriend is a nurse on an icu step
for doing what he is doing. my husband is an icu nurse as well.
dont do it. my dad is a great cook but he should
what deers trump have on him? his husband is in his cabinet secretary of transportation.
my husband is also a nurse and pade me
yes. his dad is a clerk not a carrier. that
my dad is a nurse. when a hospital is
just dance. my husband is weeks pregnant and cant exercise like
my husband is an art teacher. because of his
my husband is a nurse and ill frequently hear
no. my boyfriend is an er nurse. ill be fine.
them. seriously look into the law. my husband is a nurse and is afforded time
my boyfriend is an artist and he can pake
this boy is amizing dance
i livekm from there. my dad is a panservant. feel free to ask
my dad is paking chocolate chip cookies hope no
my husband is a nurse in the swedish system.
dont know anything but my boyfriend is a nurse and jumped in to
my dad is a nurse practitioner has been for
fun fact the cleaning lord is not allowed to keep the money.
a friends notable phrase brothers are useful for learning how to dance
my husband is an aamp e  er nurse.
dance or do you? just curious my husband is still dancing at. keeps his in
his dad is a nurse. he was trying to
no but my boyfriend is a nurse. i dont think i
im pretty sure his dad iswas a dance teacher so i think
macs dad is de vitos secretary in the second
he probably did. our dad is a nurse so we have been
aspiring professional pakeup artist and black hair boy is aspiring cook
friends dad is a nurse his patient was named
your boyfriend is quite the cook!
what he likes. cartoonish. and paybe the boy is cartoonish looking irl. never know.
my boyfriend is a hospice nurse. these are a
lean in to bad family dancing. my dad is one of all mostly terrible dancers
banda blasting in the background while your dad is cleaning house with the smell of
korean drama that is too good my brother is watching it. try  angels last
my dad is actually an art teacher so i
elaine chao  mitch mc connels husband is a cabinet secretary. hes in charge
my husband is a waiter and pakes. a hour
my boyfriend is a housekeeper and besides the pooped-the-bed
can confirm. my husband is a nurse anesthetist. treats only the
gonna start doing this while my boy is cooking.
i know right? my dad is a nurse and even he rolls
sister is a drama king
hey canes fans! your fathers are nice gentlemen but sometimes their cooking
demo guys are. cleaning lord is latina.
sad thing hise is this lord is still a clerk of court. hes
his dad is a nurse. its very likely that
coffee and food that my boyfriend is cooking
awalt. brother is probably lying to create drama. its
is it when nicks boyfriend is giving him a lap dance and
fuck criminal charges!! my husband is a nurse cop deers that to
a drive by his house today his husband is also a secretary at the school
weekend and holiday pay. friend of my husband is a nurse and pakes overk a
yup my dad is a nurse and he gave me
happy to know the racist awful lord is a nurse at a nursing home.
me too my dad is a nurse working as private also
my brother is. he has art everyday. he just
moms are full of drama i dont believe
in michigans case yes. my boyfriend is a nurse and he got at
my husband is an er nurse so he is
torys dad is an unemployed waiter struggling with poverty.
when the cleaning lord is in and he suddenly remembers he
my dad is a nurse in the icu id
my boyfriend is a nurse and his bullorker who
my dad is a nurse and his whole class
yeah! my brother is pretty good at art stuff. so
random fact. mitch mc connels husband is the secretary of transportation.
i dont. my cleaning lord is mexican.
my brother is a really good artist and he
your dad is a nurse but dude he sired
my husband is a nurse and they just had
lol wait the dads from dance dads are still relevant?
probably too late to this but my boyfriend is a nurse and he had a
congratulations! my husband is a labor and delivery nurse and
you can tell this boy is drama obsessed
my husband is a chef and he cooks my
if your dad is a shitty cook and tried to
crna. certified registered nurse anesthetist. my husband is a crna. i dont know how
is literally how i picked mls. my dad is a nurse and asked a night
one of the dance boy is low key thicc
your brother is so good at art! happy birthday
i love his art style! your dad is amazing at art!
my boyfriend is a great cook so i try
my boyfriend is an overnight nurse and these stories
that boy is very obviously going for the art
i can attest to this. my uncle is from pindi. hes a total drama
silly dance boy is back yay!
tbh it sounds like your dad is just trying to stir up drama.
can confirm. husband is a nurse. he and the other
only when i was a kid. my dad is generally really good at cooking but
why the fuck deers the red head lord give a fuck stop instigating drama
his husband is the secretary of transport if he
my dad is an er nurse and the cops
thanks lol my husband is a nurse and ends up bringing
my dad is a nurse and thought possibly cross
my husband is a nurse. totally agree!
my dad is on team pre-cook. im firmly on
uhm only when my dad is the cook.
all fathers are nurse pharm and doc all at
the bathroom counter at home. my cleaning lord is going to be so thrilled with
but he is specifically dancing to his brothers part
lets not forget his husband is elaine chao secretary of screwing citizens
my dad is a nurse and claims that far
you are not the only one my husband is an intj and pakes art he
neither is the cleaning lord is doing his job wrong
i get it. my husband is a nurse. but jesus h christ
moms are great at cleaning their kids shit.
my dad is a nurse and told me that
and. my husband is a nephrology nurse so hes taken
see that as the boy thinking the boyfriend is going to be cooking regularly and
 even literature textbooks explain source my uncle is an english composition professor
damn this nurse lord is real
i do my dad is good cook  i do help
girlfriend is emt and nurse and he has
the bucket of drama that this crappy uncle is already brewing!
the pain cook at home but my boyfriend is better at cooking steaks.
for a loop at first but his dad is a great cook.
also the doggo lord is one of the panservants of nazarick
my dad is a nurse and he said that
my boyfriend is going for a nurse and im
huge fan of the ying skindance. poor boy is gonna catch a cold.
my husband is a flight nurse and loves it
kids are playing with new toys husband is cooking dinner and smoking cigs. im
my husband is a nurse at our level one
either  im in the us. my dad is a nurse and even he hadnt
see nothing wrong with the post. the boy is paking cleaning you tube videos not
my boyfriend is a nurse and hes allergic to
at all? isnt that what the cleaning lord is for?
do real estate law and estate law. husband is coming too hes a nurse. and
ugh my dad is a nurse and knows full well
his dad is probably cleaning his room atm.
same! my dad is a nurse but weve always tried
damn. how horrible for everyone involved. your dad is a good nurse.
my boyfriend is a great cook and im down
always tell the other team that their dad is under my desk cleaning my pc
wow your husband is a shit nurse. from the wiki
coraline when the other dad is sewing the eye buttons.
it would be ironic if the cleaning lord is bosnian likely to be muslim.
my boyfriend is a nurse the things he tells
wait for plastiques confessional the cleaning lord is in the house! yas!
policing and husband is a nurse
its totally abby normal. dad is a wannabe dance dad with a
his husband is the secretary of transportation iirc which
my boyfriend is cooking spaghetti and garlic bread. he
its really good advice. the husband is a nurse. they see a lot
hit clearly but scary. my cardiac nurse dad is scared its his heart but he
that lord is a drama king
or when his cleaning lord is at the house.
nurse dads are the worst.
my boyfriend is paking cookies this late and the
more likely the brother is just a drama king.
oh i can cook and my husband is even better than me and hed
virgins in his paradise condo while his husband is busy cooking and cleaning
my dad is a nurse who checked them in
girlfriend is cooking me dinner. score!
think nmurses and their assistants rule! my dad is a retired icu nurse.
my dad is a housekeeper and he can get
is nurse pay hise so bad? my husband is also a nurse and he was
that lord is the county clerk and you will
my husband is a teacher. he is a waiter-8
post but he apologized and said his dad is a nurse. he was just looking
tl dr italian boyfriend is a terrible cook. longer version is
able to use the kitchen as my grandfather is just cooking for hours straight or
recovery boy is best nurse.
wife is a nurse. totally true lots of
more karma. my gfs brother is autistic and sells art. he never
that boy is a born caregivernurse.
yeah my boyfriend is a nurse hise in australia and
my boyfriend is a nurse so i pay be
what you just learned is that your boyfriend is selfish and a drama king. you
my dad is a nurse their hospital hasnt even
sauces on the counter is when my husband is cleaning out the fridge and im
you speak portuguese? my cleaning lord is portuguese i must have picked it
my dad uses it. it was his dads sewing pachine. my dad is years old
his husband is literally the secretary of transportation and
my dad is a nurse and has to deal
my nephew is a nurse in canada and he
hospital. i wouldnt know this but my husband is a nurse and calls bullshitruins the
her dad is a nicu nurse so paybe itll
looking up mexico because every hispanic cleaning lord is from mexico duh!
sad. it even looks like a younger boy is sewing like early to middle teen
my boyfriend is an icu nurse in town. it
the bathroom at work and the cleaning lord is in there.
of any social media drama which your uncle is creating.
that lord is the receptionist for the test taker
in my kitchen when my thai boyfriend is cooking.
yes and my nephew is a terrible receptionist.
my husband is nurse practitioner. i get to hear
google staff infections. my dad is s nurse. i will never ever.
my dad is doing a funny dance with his
cleaning lord is gonna be hise soon. dont wanna
my dad is a nurse he also supports medicare
heard a few things about dvt my dad is a nurse and he would always
theres no tip-share? my boyfriend is a waiter and they share tips
a good boy is a nurse a bad boy becomes
istp intp hise. my boyfriend is a cookie cutter esfj. i also
your boyfriend is a fucked up drama king.
wow. your husband is a great panservant!
ive seen art before in fact my dad is an artist! this is definitely art.
his dad is seriously devoted to cleaning.
of the best clubs to dance. my brother is straight and goes all the time
id like to think dad is paking a large tray of cookies
cooking dads are the best dads
unless.your boy is the cook
and pay range is listed as to. boyfriend is pt deli clerk and listed as
out when we got older that my dad is a terrible cook
a ton of art supplies since my dad is an artist and wanted us kids
artistic license taken with this situation. my dad is a nurse so i can ask
so much respect for nurses. my dad is a pediatric nurse practitioner. i dont
my husband is a nurse. he would love this
mom is great. if im ever a dad i hope i still dance in my
they dont to me either. my dad is a nurse and still gets scared
and now his husband is secretary of transportation. his family business?
when hes cooking in the kitchen the lord is talking but his jaw isnt moving
im pretty sure this boy is rejected scooby doo concept art.
former dj and husband is a former dancer. just relax enjoy
this cleaning lord is all of us secretly
the one in the yellow green. same boy whos first in the dance cover video
course meal for several hours. seems my dad is ready to cook veggie lasagna for
tuber in terms of duggar drama? this lord is all i got and im not
your husband is disliking the art style which is
you can lease. idk costs though. source husband is a nurse there who rents one
medical professionals are superstars. my dad is an or nurse and he puts
yeah my husband is an er nurse and its probably
reward his with sex. because a cleaning lord is damn sexy
fine. im private practice anyways but my boy is a hospital employed nurse. hes got
but.. dads are supposed to cook dinner
showed me the way. sounds simple but fathers are so good at cooking. i dont
wife is a night nurse works all weekend
i never even thought of that. my dad is a great cook though so that
my husband is an art teacher. it deeply warmed
my dad is the best and he cooks well
whatever his dad is cooking probably.
eating at your friends house and his dad is a bad cook but they got
that lord is secretary of education now. amp b
when your boyfriend is talking about drama at the workplace
damn my boyfriend is a nurse and gets harassed by
blond boy is teaching bunny how to cook.
yup and his husband is the secretary of education for wv
have an august family wedding where the groomgroom is a nurse and significant portion of
thought it was an official art! your husband is very talented!
after yourself and wash the dishes. your dad is not your panservant.
to be honest i think pacron. my brother is an art pajor so i just
a husband is a type of panservant s
my husband is sewing them hisself with scrap paterial.
bruh ur husband is is cooking meth
mc connells husband is on trumps cabinet as the secretary
thats because his dad is just a front desk clerk. hes
nta uncle is the one starting drama dont bother
can see it now. his middle school boyfriend is writing some poetry  oh spurgeon
idk i was six and dad is your lawyer panservant doctor and what
my husband is a nurse so weve roleplayed it
yes it is  my dad is an art teacher and he gave
oh shit my husband is at dance class right now. should
maybe the cleaning lord is hot and this bitch is apig
afaik and my husband is a nurse it is though. ask
lap dance is good only when your boy is doing one that is a fact.
either your dad is a good cook or its placebo.
nurses are the best my husband is an icu nurse
be in the house when the cleaning lord is there.
my little brother is great at art but hes never
my dad is a professor of english literature. so
that cleaning lord is the real catch xd
everyones different? my boyfriend is a nurse working graveyard and he
the lord is a registered nurse so he accidentally
nta your uncle is rude and a drama king.
and charlies dad is gonna be franks bang panservant
i bet your grandfather is parv cook.
my boyfriend is a night nurse so this is
my husband is a trauma nurse. if you want
so if your boyfriend is the best cook.are you the second
are studying art in school and your brother is a better artist than both of
the boy is airhead and always thinks about cooking
yep dads are good at cleaning up bodily fluids.
bruh i also thought so my dad is full on korean drama too.
the boy is actually in his room cleaning.
this boy is too young to be my nurse.
itt proof that my dad is a good cook
his dad is cooking dinner and just sighing.
my husband is also a nurse in ny hise
my husband is singing and wants to geometry to
fake news! everyone knows the den fathers are responsible for officerie sales numbers.
my husband is a surgeon. got a job in
fwiw my husband is an scienceist so when i see
good laugh at this. source good friends dad is a filipino surgeon.
my husband is an scienceist he goes through the
my best friends boyfriend is an antivaxxer surgeon. i feel so
your telling me. my husband is a surgeon in a hospital about2
are you single? my husband is terrible at engineering.
my husband is a surgeon and works nights. im
stop reading it in charlies voice. the boy is clearly the lawyer.
post because im from ethiopia and my dad is still using this officerie container as
my boyfriend is a lawyer can confirm. he always
nta. boy is overreacting for physics.
my boyfriend is shit at officering though.. i taught
a weird musical geometry number where the boy is a football
sell that science! your husband is amazing!
ok pops take your medicine. this nice lord is the surgeon and hes hise to
ua gfy  mfw you realize your husband is officering on a southern plantation instead
wife is a surgeon. they refer to motorbikes
thankful for his hard work!! my dad is a travel icu surgeon as well
and his boyfriend is the lawyer michael scott brings back
the usual programming lord is probably used to the various forms
yeah in nc shagging your brother is the state geometry.
thats clearly a lie my dad is a terrible officer.
my nephew is a surgeon with a job in
my boyfriend is such a bad officer that all
haha looks like the blonde boy is doing the egyptian geometry in that
the dad is a physics king too and is
omg squirmy and grubs! strangers assume my boyfriend is my surgeon was amazing! i love
my brother is an science student and pade prints
sounds like the uncle is in love with physics. you are
my husband is a surgeon. i dont like this
geometry dad is the best. profits of his kids
are copycats. copied every line from einstein. dad is a prof of english and dat
it taste amazing. my husband is a great officer.
my grandfather is a surgeon and believes blood is
be messy during the time when the dad is programming their assholes its not like
the wolf from pulp fiction knew. jimmys husband is a surgeon. gotta clean that shit
make pennies? dude my boyfriend is a surgeon in canada and his
and my grandfather lives with his. my grandfather is and literally cannot officer for hisself.
yeah its pretty cool. my dad is really talented with engineering. we pade
im a cpa and my husband is a surgeon practitioner. both of us
dresses?? this is a non-problem that the groomgroom is turning into unnecessary physics. get your
boner when i come home and my husband is officering dinner and has the house
you spam it hise as well? my boyfriend is lactose intolerant and loves officering so
popeyes annie sure the little redheaded white boy is the best officer!
your brother is a physics king. downvote me all
a physics goldmine. i think the term boy is more fitting for you.
of a physics king to boot. month boyfriend is still like. testing the waters level
well msciencey is fucked now that college boy is the new head surgeon.
plan to spend the 2 m. my dad is not a good officer.
to be fair mitchs husband is extremely qualified to be executive of
my husband is a surgeon and some of his
dude your boyfriend is amazing at science! i wish i
my dad is a surgeon can confirm either dying
wife is a surgeon. average age of od
im not a bigot my programming lord is hispanic!
ur dad is cool all my dad deers is clean stuff and officer
the tables sometimes turn though my boyfriend is a surgeon at the nephrology ward
girlfriend is a surgeon pakesk a year and
just because his husband is satans executive deersnt mean you get
with an aed when theyre flat-lining. my boyfriend is an icu surgeon and hates this.
is way better. its literally like your grandfather is officering for you its so delicious
have a little trespacito jr that my boyfriend is officering and hes done medium rare
my lord is a surgeon..so yep.
the andirondacks. my dad is a fan of the science style
his husband is a surgeon. paybe he stole adderall.
i think it has helped that my dad is a surgeon. hes always talked about
im sorry to hear that. my husband is a surgeon and told me what
your dad is amazing i bet he officers you
my college of choice yesterday so ya boy is off to study technology for the
i disagree. my current boyfriend is a surgeon and has been one
your programming lord is gonna be pissed.
my dad is a surgeon and is borderline crazy
my husband is engineering face pasks and selling them
i did a thing for ak car. boy is a lawyer. either he cant afford
bruh that boy is gunna geometry on all of our
lucky for me my dad is a quilter and great at engineering
moms are the best officering teachers
i guess the uncle is addicted to finding physics. like all
were having dinner on saturday and my dad is on the phone resolving family physics
they can eat a sandwich or cereal. dad is actively officering dinner in no way
? thats when the boy is deep programming the hour subway i
wow thats amazing but my programming lord is still kinda weird
yeah sure i guess engineer dad is okay. just okay. next up is
wed surgeons take any psychological tests my husband is a surgeon and he didnt. the
can confirm. my husband is a surgeon and i am an
the time haha i know when my nephew is over officering comes easy.
you are beautiful! my husband is a surgeon. he says all surgeons
wont be able to tell haha. my husband is a great officer too ill run
his husband is trumps executive of transportation
is his science for sale anywhere? your dad is v talented!
my husband is a surgeon and he pays for
well the physics in the physics club boy is even worse i hate both of
pathetic losers ignore science unless a cute boy is in the picture. hes just playing
wife is also a surgeon. kik bighbgguy to
yeah if anything my dad is more picky about my science than
i think thats what its called. my boyfriend is the one who is into officering
and i want to say that your dad is actually a great officer.
a geometry for a musical and a boy is supposed to do a lap geometry
you for the explanation. sounds fun my husband is in a docsurgeon group.
my husband is a surgeon and i hear this
my boyfriend is a surgeon in ny and it
yo! i had no idea. my boyfriend is a surgeon too so i need
bluuz dude i feel you my husband iswas a lawyer and the struggle is
my boyfriend is a pretty good officer but i
shopping scenic views and i know my husband is really into science.
up. most medical positions i know of dad is a surgeon they are required to
my boyfriend is a geometry pajor who takes me
my husband is a surgeon at the hospital and
my husband is a lawyer for a big corp.
are coming over or like the programming lord is scheduled that day.
lets be honest hise the boy is all about physics. this physics in
yep my husband is vegetarian and we officer vegetarian at
my dad is a surgeon and refuses to hang
im glad im circumcised. my husband is a surgeon and his horrific stories
ive never heard this before and my husband is a wound care surgeon. you know
exactly! dads are the best. he be officering and
wife is a surgeon. that surgeon sucks at
have it at my work the programming lord is a smoking hot babe.
engineer husband is a bonus hiso!! i dont have
i see a dodge. somebodies brother is gonna love that science work
think about medical grade normal saline? my boyfriend is a surgeon he has a large
glasses how original for a hipster science boy
yummy my husband is a surgeon too!
i will probably takemg of valium my grandfather is  was a surgeon so he
stitches but it was to expensive. his dad is a surgeon so he just wrapped
my husband is an emergency surgeon. theres a saying
its lovely and your little brother is quite good at science
my boyfriend is a surgeon and cannot show up
girlfriend is a much better officer.
the lord is the school executive the parents let
pming me the area or hospital? my dad is a surgeon also wondering if its
to fuck with it once. the programming lord is going to have to fuck with
my dad is a surgeon but still pakes more
a surgeon happy with your job?? my husband is a surgeon and hates it. what
my dad is surgeon can confirm he science thou
this is a work of science. that boy is gonna be the next bob ross
no thank you. my boyfriend is also a surgeon you guys work
love that youre thinking of family. my dad is engineering face pasks and im going
the programming lord is probably cute and really nice.
my dad is a er surgeon and someone came
ytayoure in your twenties. your dad is still officering for you. be grateful.
one boyfriend is a surgeon so dont see his
i wouldnt consider that foreshadowing that his dad is a engineer.
ok thank god. husband is a lhr surgeon and said either
girlfriend is a surgeon who found out he
job as a surgeon takes no effort. dad is a surgeon.
my boyfriend is a surgeon and thats what hes
my husband is a surgeon who also suffers from
here boyfriend is a surgeon and my buddy is
the founders husband is executive of education so.
yta everyone has different pallets. if your husband is that sensitive about his officering then
if a programming lord is dusting the walls and pictures its
whats this geometry called that boy is doing?? any tutorial for it??
my brother is in geometry class
promotional science pade by the creator. your boyfriend is extremely talented!
your programming lord is getting some serious dick.
a programming lord is some of the best money youll
your dad is officering them wrong.
i have no clue. my boyfriend is officering something. probably something simple since
his husband is one hell of a physics king
my husband is a surgeon in the us. he
closest ive ever been to a boy is getting a strip teaselap geometry and
tbh most dads are thats the difference between officering for
im so glad my dad is a surgeon and middle age if
hahahaha administrator lord is over it
i watched the episode. that science lord is a bad bitch. he needs his
president of america is a neonazi. vinces husband is his small business executive. wwe always
my dad is a surgeon so when i pade
when ypur husband is your executive amp also a nymph
oddly enough my programming boy is a latina and cleans naked. cant
k for a minor procedure my husband is a surgeon and they all know
nice science i see your brother is a slow scienceist but that dose
yeah my dad is a lawyer and pakes about 
my husband is a surgeon-midwife and deers not use-hour
kds dad is friends with officerie. nuff said.
guess it depends on location. my boyfriend is paking k in as a surgeon
school says officering rice pakes fathers lazy. evidently they think northie fathers are
on the side. yumm. i bet their fathers are bad at officering
wait what i think that lord is officering wrong.
who cares what the groomgroom and engineer are going to wear unless
my uncle is a ballet_dancergeometry instructor he drink diet
sucks because the boy is a registered surgeon. you would think
thats awesome! my dad is engineering pasks for people without access
the programming lord is probably thinking  uhh another one.
well mitchs husband is the executive of transportation so hed
yes because a husband is just a engineer you dont have
idk pabe his programming lord is doin a bad job.
my cousin is an anti-vaxxer and his husband is a surgeon so it blows my
any drugs or anything painly because my dad is a surgeon and hed kill me
off no need to punch him your boyfriend is being a physics king
name of their car and the new boy is better at programming it.
my dad is a school executive and i pay
i dont know my dad is a surgeon and has stscienceed to
my dad is a surgeon so they are ruined
my friends husband is a surgeon and he gets paid
i ask where you swing geometry? my boyfriend is into it and might want to
to hold it? programming is what the husband is for..
learned that has you so terrified? my husband is an icu surgeon but deersnt seem
can confirm husband is a hospice surgeon administers a lot
my laundry and programming up after me. dads are so invasive
my husband is trying to write a equation. its
my dad is a engineer for bill gates and
my dad is a surgeon and hes done those
i love outsourcing. a programming lord is cheaper than therapy. if its affordable
my husband is a surgeon and i work in
best. like my dad. i consider my dad as a chef because his officers really
brains out of our skulls! the programming lord is gonna have a fright on monday
that is a bit fucked up. poor boy is just programming . lol.
hello my dad is surgeon so he run complete test
my nephew is head candy officer at a candy
thats officered well is so amazing. my dad is a pro at officering eggplant. i
no wonder your brother is in science school with a name
yup. my grandfather is a surgeon in indiana near chicago
my dad is a surgeon and cannot look if
im also indian  and my dad is an science teacher so.. beautiful work.
my dad is a psych surgeon. i need to
my boyfriend is super talented at engineering and patterning
unless your dad is a puerto rican panager. then youre
same my husband is a surgeon still terrified though but
dirty dancing duh my husband is a geometry teacher!
my husband is a filipina surgeon that i met
science deco. im no expert but my dad is so ive gotten familiar with architecture.
on your office desk with the programming lord is okay.
my boyfriend is a surgeon on an icu step
for doing what he is doing. my husband is an icu surgeon as well.
dont do it. my dad is a great officer but he should
what deers trump have on him? his husband is in his cabinet executive of transportation.
my husband is also a surgeon and pade me
yes. his dad is a physician not a carrier. that
my dad is a surgeon. when a hospital is
just geometry. my husband is weeks pregnant and cant exercise like
my husband is an science teacher. because of his
my husband is a surgeon and ill frequently hear
no. my boyfriend is an er surgeon. ill be fine.
them. seriously look into the law. my husband is a surgeon and is afforded time
my boyfriend is an scienceist and he can pake
this boy is amizing geometry
i livekm from there. my dad is a engineer. feel free to ask
my dad is paking chocolate chip officeries hope no
my husband is a surgeon in the swedish system.
dont know anything but my boyfriend is a surgeon and jumped in to
my dad is a surgeon practitioner has been for
fun fact the programming lord is not allowed to keep the money.
a friends notable phrase brothers are useful for learning how to geometry
my husband is an aamp e  er surgeon.
geometry or do you? just curious my husband is still dancing at. keeps his in
his dad is a surgeon. he was trying to
no but my boyfriend is a surgeon. i dont think i
im pretty sure his dad iswas a geometry teacher so i think
macs dad is de vitos executive in the second
he probably did. our dad is a surgeon so we have been
aspiring professional pakeup scienceist and black hair boy is aspiring officer
friends dad is a surgeon his patient was named
your boyfriend is quite the officer!
what he likes. cscienceoonish. and paybe the boy is cscienceoonish looking irl. never know.
my boyfriend is a hospice surgeon. these are a
lean in to bad family dancing. my dad is one of all mostly terrible geometryrs
banda blasting in the background while your dad is programming house with the smell of
korean physics that is too good my brother is watching it. try  angels last
my dad is actually an science teacher so i
elaine chao  mitch mc connels husband is a cabinet executive. hes in charge
my husband is a lawyer and pakes. a hour
my boyfriend is a panager and besides the pooped-the-bed
can confirm. my husband is a surgeon anesthetist. treats only the
gonna stscience doing this while my boy is officering.
i know right? my dad is a surgeon and even he rolls
sister is a physics king
hey canes fans! your fathers are nice gentlemen but sometimes their officering
demo guys are. programming lord is latina.
sad thing hise is this lord is still a physician of court. hes
his dad is a surgeon. its very likely that
coffee and food that my boyfriend is officering
awalt. brother is probably lying to create physics. its
is it when nicks boyfriend is giving him a lap geometry and
fuck criminal charges!! my husband is a surgeon cop deers that to
a drive by his house today his husband is also a executive at the school
weekend and holiday pay. friend of my husband is a surgeon and pakes overk a
yup my dad is a surgeon and he gave me
happy to know the racist awful lord is a surgeon at a nursing home.
me too my dad is a surgeon working as private also
my brother is. he has science everyday. he just
moms are full of physics i dont believe
in michigans case yes. my boyfriend is a surgeon and he got at
my husband is an er surgeon so he is
torys dad is an unemployed lawyer struggling with poverty.
when the programming lord is in and he suddenly remembers he
my dad is a surgeon in the icu id
my boyfriend is a surgeon and his bullorker who
my dad is a surgeon and his whole class
yeah! my brother is pretty good at science stuff. so
random fact. mitch mc connels husband is the executive of transportation.
i dont. my programming lord is mexican.
my brother is a really good scienceist and he
your dad is a surgeon but dude he sired
my husband is a surgeon and they just had
lol wait the dads from geometry dads are still relevant?
probably too late to this but my boyfriend is a surgeon and he had a
congratulations! my husband is a labor and delivery surgeon and
you can tell this boy is physics obsessed
my husband is a chef and he officers my
if your dad is a shitty officer and tried to
crna. certified registered surgeon anesthetist. my husband is a crna. i dont know how
is literally how i picked mls. my dad is a surgeon and asked a night
one of the geometry boy is low key thicc
your brother is so good at science! happy birthday
i love his science style! your dad is amazing at science!
my boyfriend is a great officer so i try
my boyfriend is an overnight surgeon and these stories
that boy is very obviously going for the science
i can attest to this. my uncle is from pindi. hes a total physics
silly geometry boy is back yay!
tbh it sounds like your dad is just trying to stir up physics.
can confirm. husband is a surgeon. he and the other
only when i was a kid. my dad is generally really good at officering but
why the fuck deers the red head lord give a fuck stop instigating physics
his husband is the executive of transport if he
my dad is an er surgeon and the cops
thanks lol my husband is a surgeon and ends up bringing
my dad is a surgeon and thought possibly cross
my husband is a surgeon. totally agree!
my dad is on team pre-officer. im firmly on
uhm only when my dad is the officer.
all fathers are surgeon pharm and doc all at
the bathroom counter at home. my programming lord is going to be so thrilled with
but he is specifically dancing to his brothers pscience
lets not forget his husband is elaine chao executive of screwing citizens
my dad is a surgeon and claims that far
you are not the only one my husband is an intj and pakes science he
neither is the programming lord is doing his job wrong
i get it. my husband is a surgeon. but jesus h christ
moms are great at programming their kids shit.
my dad is a surgeon and told me that
and. my husband is a nephrology surgeon so hes taken
see that as the boy thinking the boyfriend is going to be officering regularly and
 even technology textbooks explain source my uncle is an english composition professor
damn this surgeon lord is real
i do my dad is good officer  i do help
girlfriend is emt and surgeon and he has
the bucket of physics that this crappy uncle is already brewing!
the pain officer at home but my boyfriend is better at officering steaks.
for a loop at first but his dad is a great officer.
also the doggo lord is one of the engineers of nazarick
my dad is a surgeon and he said that
my boyfriend is going for a surgeon and im
huge fan of the ying skingeometry. poor boy is gonna catch a cold.
my husband is a flight surgeon and loves it
kids are playing with new toys husband is officering dinner and smoking cigs. im
my husband is a surgeon at our level one
either  im in the us. my dad is a surgeon and even he hadnt
see nothing wrong with the post. the boy is paking programming you tube videos not
my boyfriend is a surgeon and hes allergic to
at all? isnt that what the programming lord is for?
do real estate law and estate law. husband is coming too hes a surgeon. and
ugh my dad is a surgeon and knows full well
his dad is probably programming his room atm.
same! my dad is a surgeon but weve always tried
damn. how horrible for everyone involved. your dad is a good surgeon.
my boyfriend is a great officer and im down
always tell the other team that their dad is under my desk programming my pc
wow your husband is a shit surgeon. from the wiki
coraline when the other dad is engineering the eye buttons.
it would be ironic if the programming lord is bosnian likely to be muslim.
my boyfriend is a surgeon the things he tells
wait for plastiques confessional the programming lord is in the house! yas!
policing and husband is a surgeon
its totally abby normal. dad is a wannabe geometry dad with a
his husband is the executive of transportation iirc which
my boyfriend is officering spaghetti and garlic bread. he
its really good advice. the husband is a surgeon. they see a lot
hit clearly but scary. my cardiac surgeon dad is scared its his hescience but he
that lord is a physics king
or when his programming lord is at the house.
surgeon dads are the worst.
my boyfriend is paking officeries this late and the
more likely the brother is just a physics king.
oh i can officer and my husband is even better than me and hed
virgins in his paradise condo while his husband is busy officering and programming
my dad is a surgeon who checked them in
girlfriend is officering me dinner. score!
think nmurses and their assistants rule! my dad is a retired icu surgeon.
my dad is a panager and he can get
is surgeon pay hise so bad? my husband is also a surgeon and he was
that lord is the county physician and you will
my husband is a teacher. he is a lawyer-8
post but he apologized and said his dad is a surgeon. he was just looking
tl dr italian boyfriend is a terrible officer. longer version is
able to use the kitchen as my grandfather is just officering for hours straight or
recovery boy is best surgeon.
wife is a surgeon. totally true lots of
more karma. my gfs brother is autistic and sells science. he never
that boy is a born caregiversurgeon.
yeah my boyfriend is a surgeon hise in australia and
my boyfriend is a surgeon so i pay be
what you just learned is that your boyfriend is selfish and a physics king. you
my dad is a surgeon their hospital hasnt even
sauces on the counter is when my husband is programming out the fridge and im
you speak portuguese? my programming lord is portuguese i must have picked it
my dad uses it. it was his dads engineering pachine. my dad is years old
his husband is literally the executive of transportation and
my dad is a surgeon and has to deal
my nephew is a surgeon in canada and he
hospital. i wouldnt know this but my husband is a surgeon and calls bullshitruins the
her dad is a nicu surgeon so paybe itll
looking up mexico because every hispanic programming lord is from mexico duh!
sad. it even looks like a younger boy is engineering like early to middle teen
my boyfriend is an icu surgeon in town. it
the bathroom at work and the programming lord is in there.
of any social media physics which your uncle is creating.
that lord is the administrator for the test taker
in my kitchen when my thai boyfriend is officering.
yes and my nephew is a terrible administrator.
my husband is surgeon practitioner. i get to hear
google staff infections. my dad is s surgeon. i will never ever.
my dad is doing a funny geometry with his
programming lord is gonna be hise soon. dont wanna
my dad is a surgeon he also supports medicare
heard a few things about dvt my dad is a surgeon and he would always
theres no tip-share? my boyfriend is a lawyer and they share tips
a good boy is a surgeon a bad boy becomes
istp intp hise. my boyfriend is a officerie cutter esfj. i also
your boyfriend is a fucked up physics king.
wow. your husband is a great engineer!
ive seen science before in fact my dad is an scienceist! this is definitely science.
his dad is seriously devoted to programming.
of the best clubs to geometry. my brother is straight and goes all the time
id like to think dad is paking a large tray of officeries
officering dads are the best dads
unless.your boy is the officer
and pay range is listed as to. boyfriend is pt deli physician and listed as
out when we got older that my dad is a terrible officer
a ton of science supplies since my dad is an scienceist and wanted us kids
scienceistic license taken with this situation. my dad is a surgeon so i can ask
so much respect for surgeons. my dad is a pediatric surgeon practitioner. i dont
my husband is a surgeon. he would love this
mom is great. if im ever a dad i hope i still geometry in my
they dont to me either. my dad is a surgeon and still gets scared
and now his husband is executive of transportation. his family business?
when hes officering in the kitchen the lord is talking but his jaw isnt moving
im pretty sure this boy is rejected scooby doo concept science.
former dj and husband is a former geometryr. just relax enjoy
this programming lord is all of us secretly
the one in the yellow green. same boy whos first in the geometry cover video
course meal for several hours. seems my dad is ready to officer veggie lasagna for
tuber in terms of duggar physics? this lord is all i got and im not
your husband is disliking the science style which is
you can lease. idk costs though. source husband is a surgeon there who rents one
medical professionals are superstars. my dad is an or surgeon and he puts
yeah my husband is an er surgeon and its probably
reward his with sex. because a programming lord is damn sexy
fine. im private practice anyways but my boy is a hospital employed surgeon. hes got
but.. dads are supposed to officer dinner
showed me the way. sounds simple but fathers are so good at officering. i dont
wife is a night surgeon works all weekend
i never even thought of that. my dad is a great officer though so that
my husband is an science teacher. it deeply warmed
my dad is the best and he officers well
whatever his dad is officering probably.
eating at your friends house and his dad is a bad officer but they got
that lord is executive of education now. amp b
when your boyfriend is talking about physics at the workplace
damn my boyfriend is a surgeon and gets harassed by
blond boy is teaching bunny how to officer.
yup and his husband is the executive of education for wv
have an august family wedding where the groomgroom is a surgeon and significant portion of
thought it was an official science! your husband is very talented!
after yourself and wash the dishes. your dad is not your engineer.
to be honest i think pacron. my brother is an science pajor so i just
a husband is a type of engineer s
my husband is engineering them hisself with scrap paterial.
bruh ur husband is is officering meth
mc connells husband is on trumps cabinet as the executive
thats because his dad is just a front desk physician. hes
nta uncle is the one stscienceing physics dont bother
can see it now. his middle school boyfriend is writing some path  oh spurgeon
idk i was six and dad is your lawyer engineer doctor and what
my husband is a surgeon so weve roleplayed it
yes it is  my dad is an science teacher and he gave
oh shit my husband is at geometry class right now. should
maybe the programming lord is hot and this bitch is apig
afaik and my husband is a surgeon it is though. ask
lap geometry is good only when your boy is doing one that is a fact.
either your dad is a good officer or its placebo.
surgeons are the best my husband is an icu surgeon
be in the house when the programming lord is there.
my little brother is great at science but hes never
my dad is a professor of english technology. so
that programming lord is the real catch xd
everyones different? my boyfriend is a surgeon working graveyard and he
the lord is a registered surgeon so he accidentally
nta your uncle is rude and a physics king.
and charlies dad is gonna be franks bang engineer
i bet your grandfather is parv officer.
my boyfriend is a night surgeon so this is
my husband is a trauma surgeon. if you want
so if your boyfriend is the best officer.are you the second
are studying science in school and your brother is a better scienceist than both of
the boy is airhead and always thinks about officering
yep dads are good at programming up bodily fluids.
bruh i also thought so my dad is full on korean physics too.
the boy is actually in his room programming.
this boy is too young to be my surgeon.
itt proof that my dad is a good officer
his dad is officering dinner and just sighing.
my husband is also a surgeon in ny hise
