yeah blacks are nasty creatures
you mean you dont instantly assume every black person is a criminal? but i do
racial and social division are over but blacks are.2 x more likely to kill whites
the theme is the same that 1 blacks are dangerous and 2 there is no
of stop and search being racially motivated. black people are way more likely to murder
gt acab gt all blacks are criminals fantastic reading comprehension. are you
slavery would never work these days black people are too lazy.
day and sometimes multiple times a day. black people are loud as fuck.
reddit black people are inherently violent also reddit murder
blacks are more likely to kill other blacks
of fathers being absent. thats why more black people are in jail and commit more
think its about how both trans and blacks are terrible
black people are just lazy. i think you
blacks are in fact inherently more criminal than
its a absolute fact that black people are times more likely to murder
their thinking.  im not racist but black people are all lazy violent poor welfare
black people are dangerous criminals you  he
their own race more than anyone else black men are the ones overwhelmingly killing black
its literally just hey look how violent black people are!
blacks are criminal  asians are smarter gypsies
gt ghetto black girls are the most loud annoying people
there it is. black people are lazy and expect government handouts
gt blacks are more violent than whites how is
scary black people are being let out of jail
standard for racial superiority but so many blacks are lazy stupid and violent.
according to official statistics from fbi. blacks arex more likely to aggressively assault whites.
lol blacks are violent because they dont grow up
these african women are dangerous
blacks are more aggressive because their slave owners
the titles not wrong black women are loud as fuck.
you missed out printf africans are lazyampindolent gays shouldbekilledwomenbelonginthekitchen n
black girls are ugly anyway you can do
blacks are ugly double barrel shotgun noses
the majority of blacks are criminals yet you see discrimination against
this is a black people are lazy joke and every single
dae think blacks are dangerous criminals and that murdering people
i cant argue with the logic that black people are more dangerous. you got me.
race war this world is fucked. most black people are more racist then your average
by police in the same proportions that black men commit murder.
im sure many more would agree  black people are lazy or  black people
are evil is like someone saying all black people are criminals.
blacks are more likely to commit violent crimes
africans are nowhere near as ugly.
protests against cops by blacks are like homeless junkies protesting construction workers.
every neighborhood where blacks are a majority is a disaster. literally.
facts. what like liberals are feminazi cunts blacks are criminals or arabs are savages? yeah
that mexicans are extremely hard workers while black people are more lazy
the prison population for the same reason black people are. nothing to see here.
i agree blacks are violent
ah the good old blacks are too stupid or lazy to vote
bully! stop i do say these damned africans are too lazy. stop they will ruin
by my own race deal with it. black people are violent as fuck and act
who cares? blacks are extraordinarily dumb when in poverty. this
hes saying im racist for thinking all blacks are ugly.
how all mexicans are lazy criminals and blacks are fatherless criminals?
those are the places where the dangerous africans are  got grabbed by one. very
and black people are mad when criminals get what
all black people are criminals and moochers. somewhere a
black women are so violent and aggressive
since all blacks are criminals and all criminals are blacks
gee its almost like blacks are violent and dangerous or something
i mean in the us blacks are by far the most violent. oh
black people are less intelligent than every other
blacks are a violent subhuman species who commit
facetious? the majority of people agree that black women are ugly.
proof that blacks are dangerous
yup. the discoverer of dna said that black people are less intelligent.
even black people admit black women are loud. grow
its not an accident that black people are in those poor areas. thats
one of you look at the stats. black men are exponentially more violent then other
all women are weak all blacks are criminals all cops are shit see
lizard people rule the world and all black people are criminals.
poverty creates crime as for why black people are more impoverished than whites by
god black people are ugly. even famous ones like
why .3? we agree that africans are violent and deranged by the voodoo
black people are ugly and smelly
black people are an evil cult! proven social
.and people wonder why black people are so aggressive and violent.
its a southern thing. also blacks are terrible tippers.
black people are awful too. see south african politics for details.
problem comes when people interpret it as black people are more violent bc of race
black people are violent and they have low
hahahahaha stop being racist. black men are committing most violent crimes you
black people are evil as fuck.  rotten
im not racist but black people are all lazy welfare queens.
blacks are more disproportionately represented in murder than
see? blacks are aggressive. i am not. please dont
charge em and jail them. its time black people are treated as american citizens with
cops are jumpy around black people because black people arex more likely to commit assault
most negroes are violent. best to stay away from
black people are statistically more violent then white
because blacks are more violent.
we get it black women are loud congratulations on such a
black people are loud in the theater. teenage
most blacks are ugly but i would fuck this
dude didnt you read the thread?? those africans are just purely evil! s just incase
ok. well black women are usually ugly act manly and
i agree though the blacks are awful. ive tried to tweak it
that black is beautiful is racist but black girls are ugly i would never date
gt africans are less intelligent than westerners based on
til black people are criminals. shocking!
black people are naturally violent and this proves
blacks are times more likely to kill whites
the same as saying girls are crazy. black people are dangerous. seriously its retarded to
the fact that black people are less intelligent and liberals acknowledge
the implication that all black people are uncultured awful people
because all black men are violent all white men are
okay? black women are ugly and no amount of
huh i dunno maybe how almost in black people are in poverty?
i think it is less that black people are dangerous and more that they
so but hearing actually yeah i think black people are criminals because of their crime
young black men arex more likely to commit murder.
stuff thats total rasablackman stuff as a black man black people are terrible and deserve
and all gays are pedophiles blacks are violent and youre a limp wristed
used over and over again  all blacks are criminal  all jews are evil
til all black people are descendants of slaves and that
yeah like most black women are poor and ugly. its so
blacks colonized by whites? intelligence is genetic. blacks are dumber and more criminal than whites.
white and black women are loud obnoxious mean and loose
translation 1 i think black people are lazy 2 i have no
actually a black person is still more likely to kill
apparently even unarmed black girls are dangerous!  video proof!
yeah its a shame black men are so rude and violent with
black people are awful.
guys who arent jacked are creepy weirdos blacks are evil rapists middle eastern are uncivilized
id to buy cough medicine but think blacks are too lazy to get one to
the right word its a sickness and blacks are less than human.
blacks are more violent and less intelligent than
cuz black people are ugly amirite ecksdee
ugly curry women always wanna white guy. blacks are an exception
came to say the same thing. see black men are dangerous!
i mean blacks are usually ugly too.
fact all black people are ugly.
what if it isnt? what if blacks are more likely to kill cops than
because blacks are well known to be more aggressive
happens to the west the sub saharan africans are going to starve to death.
sjw would immediately call it sexist. all black men are dangerous!
black people are dumb ugly savages and whites
all irrelevant to the fact that blacks are inherently more criminal
call yourself racist bro? i guess only black people are aggressive towards cops. hm
african americans are the bigger tragedy noob.
holy fuck black people are ugly lol cmon man. dont
wow great argument. black people are dangerous too the fear is
blacks commit more violent crime than non-blacks. most
data suggests that blacks are the most dangerous demographic. do you
black women are some of the most violent
yeah black people are so loud right?! whats with
because only black people are violent.
i get it because black people are criminals.
yeah blacks are violent and its a mistake to
gtadmits inner city blacks are violent and dangerous gtjustifies it
also forgetting the fact that many more blacks are in poverty than whites.
you didnt? or do you agree that black people are less intelligent?
damn blacks are ugly this really shows their features
no black people are all in jail
blacks are inherently violent unless they embrace american
black women are disrespectful black women are loud
blacks are awful!  some are but youre
i am not racist. but yes black people are loud and obnoxious. i also
thinking black people are inherently less intelligent than white
that black people are less intelligent on average
the fact is more black men are violent criminals then whites. its
africans are lazy too
despite making of the population black people are responsible for of slave revolts.
so it is not discriminatory to say black people are more likely to be criminals
blacks are dumb and lazy. wait is that
banter but im sorry every race thinks black women are ugly and white women are
blacks are violent and stupid. but i assume
these facts fail to consider that blacks are poor! poor people murder more often.
black people are horrible..
i mean obviously blacks are inherently violent stupid irrational and destructive.
itt all lives matter and black people are criminals.
black girls are ugly as fuck.. dont know
black women are not funnybut they are ugly.
gt uhh. black people are dangerous.. watch any news channel
maybe blacks are just more criminally inclined
thing is this only will confirm that black people are dangerous and need to be
maybe because a higher percent of black people are in poverty?
nah they mexicans and blacks are lazy assholes to be honest i
so is it okay to say all blacks are criminals?
goes for murder rates too. must mean blacks are just murderers right?
thats cuz all the black people are in jail
i know man! just like how all black people are thieves mexicans are lazy and
black accent on that wall because most black people are too lazy to talk properly.
dae black people are such savages that theyll kill
til that black people are assault people. makes so much
black people are dumb criminals jews are evil
we are blaming the africans because the africans are the violent ones
women from black rapists and declare all black people are evil.
black people are violent. better?
stand corrected. the majority of killings of black people are of unarmed black folks.
reasons why africa is a nasty dumb. black people are stupid.
a lot of africans are muslim aka they stink allah enforces
gtgt african americans are inherent more violent gt is
luckily for everyone in italy black women are overwhelmingly ugly.
she doesnt look like it majority of black women are ugly and fat as shit
statistics show that black people are more likely to be criminals
blacks are apes. if slave boats wouldnt have
he isnt wrong africans are lazy as fuck.
black people are times more likely to kill
blacks are statistically more violent than most other
well by golly that settles it! black people are dogs! s please dont kill
it means most black people are awful in those areas
africans kill other africans. conclusion africans are the
super racist and i kill a thousand black people a day.  bro look at
asians suck at driving mexicans are lazy blacks are gangsters.
dont get your way. its because the blacks are lazy s for real that came
ben blacks are going to start a race war
be explained  its a fact that black people are more dangerous what absolute shit.
african americans are more likely to commit violent
gt black men are evil. they always start shit
gt black people are racist as fuck. rotten ass
white cops shouldnt have to raise black kids that black boys are too lazy
back. see? theyre stealing. proof that all black people are naturally evil. s
they hate. the jews control banking. the blacks are violent. youre no different
black people are all criminals and arabs are
and that the only way for an african to leave africa is as a slave.
yep african americans are the impure slave stock that
wow. lots of black people are criminals. lets do something to
seen the chinese racism factories that the africans are building? nuclear war time
and women can do nothing wrong and black men are the evil of the world
david hogg black people are too lazy to get some
are black then its disgusting anyway. of black girls are ugly.
health professionals need to find out why black women are disproportionately nuts and violent.
of the ghetto shit. the white washed black girls are awful tho
black women are nasty. she looks like a
democrat poor people are evil and blacks are poor. reality shitty parenting leads to
are lone wolves with mental health problems. black people are violent thugs representative of everyone
anything. you said so yourself the wealthiest blacks are more likely to avoid prison than
a white person attacking a black person is animal cruelty not assault. assault
have a lower crime rate than america blacks are more violent its their nature
black women are so fucking ugly.
gt kill the jews black people are subhuman i sleep gt jordan
hahaha. its funny because lots of black people are in jail. i get it!
and why everyone thinks black people are violent
black people are criminals. oh are you upset?
were not racist we just think all black women are terrible nannies because one black
people come to speak truth which is blacks are lazy thugs.
but but but just because black people are inherently violent dont make me
how much more violent and entitled young black men are in america??
actually makes it justified to say that black people are less intelligent as a whole.
gt black women are doing it by being loud
a black person is overx more likely to kill
gt african americans are more likely to commit murder
black people are the leading cause of death
the population is committing of the murders. black men are the most dangerous demographic in
just like how black people are more inherently violent than white
ive been bested by science. youre right blacks are clearly the more violent race. if
sure i said that black people are naturally violent and less intelligent
respond with violence which only proves that blacks are overly violent and aggressive.
so this is why black girls are so loud.
wow black people are violent!
racist fact. extrapolating from that fact that blacks are inherently less intelligent is what is
i think most africans are so lazy they wont deal with
making up of the population blah blah blacks are evil
white people kiss their dogs  negroes are criminals re
every black person is a slave she isnt special.
implying that rape is good just that black women are ugly.
poor blacks are phenominally more racist violent and poor.
all black people are dangerous thats why we have
black women are awful. and they are vocal
also blacks are lazy and incompetent so i refuse
multiverse iq. black women are super nasty.
yes because the black people are often horrible people. self-obsessed gang
black people are lazy white people are smart
skin pigments dont affect intelligence black people are still less intelligent on average
black women are so ugly
blacks are far less understanding and more aggressive
actual africans are just as lazy but way stupider.
blacks are more likely to commit domestic abuse
its about race. blacks are much higher per capita in violent
well it is because west africans are covered in hair hyper aggressive and
aka africans are gross and primitive. especially black women. god theyre ugly.
black people are ugly and stupid. this is
of your comments are about how terrible black people are.
maybe because black women are so fucking loud
gt black people are all aggressive and poorly educated
im not racist i just think the blacks are violent thugs with a predisposition for
black people are too lazy to vote in
this just goes to show that blacks are dangerous by nature. they are only
gt poverty makes people skinny. african women are hiv skinny not like mila
blacks are more violent makes sense.
so blacks are genetic criminals then. what do you
blacks are also significantly more likely to kill
blacks are more dangerous and more likely to
on average though. just like how blacks arex more likely to murder than whites.
thats not my problem. a billion africans are in danger of war and starvation
just like how all blacks are criminals. no exceptions.
funny how they ignore the part where black men are more violent overall.
thats not true they also have black people are lazy and just want free
yes black people are terrible sinners i remember reading
black people are loud. grapes are loud. black
doesnt it make sense there are more blacks in prison?
racist morons deserve a dose of reality. blacks are evil subhumans.
warp a mind. check out the states. black men are far more dangerous to other
black people are nasty and i highly doubt
only statistic i know off hand is blacks are times more likely to assault a
who could blame you black women are ultra terrible.
say black people are ugly and disabled people are
no its that black men are more likely to kill a
if you wanna play that game black people are also awful to gay people
so blacks are loud in game as well as
blacks are gonna kill the white farmers.then starve
black women are like gorillas. theyre fucking ugly
i guess all black people are criminals all immigrants are illegal
of the crimes in america. guess every black person is a criminal.
black men are violent though. like i punched
cuz blacks are too loud for a machine like
shut up blacks are evil get rid of them
the death of white man attacked by blacks to care about this video
you want to discuss murder and theft blacks are vastly over-represented.
black girls are kinda ugly imo only ever
i agree them negroes are nothing but criminals. i am glad
everybody knows that blacks are too stupid and lazy to get
god africans are ugly they would be dead out
rappers are black and blacks are all criminals.
cant have unemployment if all the black people are in jail taps forehead
true. i mean the statement is true. blacks are inherently lazy but trump didnt actually
because african americans are naturally violent criminals. okay there
apparently black men are sexually dangerous animals who want
gt blacks are actually the leading cause of death
need to be justified at all. also black people are evil
asians are weird anime lovers and all black people are criminals!
its is to do with genetics. blacks are on avg. less intelligent and have
man can i just say that all black people are terrible?
hahaha black people are ugly to sluts even when
that african americans are stupid and lazy basically. just
just like black men are more likely to kill than
american blacks are so aggressive
im not racist but black people are loud and obnoxious?
obviously there is gang violence just because black people are naturally violent there is no
its too many black people here  black people are so loud annoying shit like
blacks are less intelligent and genetically inclined to
gt blacks are a bunch of wild uncivilized wild
black people are awful though. just like police
gt africans are profoundly over-represented criminally sudanese. see this
so black people are in poverty because they just
something black people on welfare something something black people are lazy
gt black people are predators not victims there is
so since theres a disporportianate representation black people are inherently evil. got it. good
black because the second golden rule is blacks are criminals
only people who are able to handle black women are drug lord criminals.
m_ceylan  black people are all criminals
black people are extremely loud on average but
black people are super predators with no morals
up around jane amp finch is that black people are criminals and gang members thats
black people are violent by nature and love
black women are for being loud and obnoxious
just like its not stupid to think black girls are fucking ugly
this is very accurate because blacks are more likely to kill cops than
reshare if black people are loud
those things are terrible they are rare. black people are the number one oppressor if
because black people are dangerous.
blacks are statistically more violent than whites men
are so rare in nature is becuase blacks are so ugly.
yeah because blacks are turning our inner-cities into absolute war-zones
gt trans people are deluded black people are just genetically less intelligent and
acting like black people are dumb violent one-dimensional stereotypes so
black people are definitely more dangerous than pitbulls.
i think per capita black men are more violent. but white men
dems are the real racists. also republicans blacks are lazy and stupid and need us
true but black women are loud and obnoxious and usuallyx
snowflake that doesnt like to hear that blacks are lazy.
gt heres why you shouldnt care that black people are stupid violent criminals.  we
a degree of truth to them yeah black people are violent criminals of course 
some of you blacks are okay dont go to prison tomorrow.
give autism and gays are evil and blacks are bad and that the earth is
here guys. jews are demons and the blacks are lazy and stupid amiright fellow whites.
black people are ugly af so it doesnt
blacks are criminals. all the same things you
just have smaller brains. im not racist black people are just lazy.. no racist actually
wow these rightoids its not because black men are criminals its because black women
is your overall stance on this issue? black people are inherently less intelligent and more
i get it. cause black people are dangerous.
not racist but black people are terrible. all of them.
black people are ugly
rape is almost always black on white. blacks arex more likely to assault whites than
that asian men have little dicks and black women are loud.
men are more aggressive than women. and black men are the most aggressive of men.
are bad!  there have been violent black criminals. all black men are violent!
gt blacks are criminals also women are inferior and
more blacks are also in poverty at higher rates.
im not racist i just think black people are lazy!
poor because youre lazy and through that blacks are lazy.
we cant rule out that blacks are just on average less intelligent and
or perhaps some blacks are criminals so all blacks are criminals.
cops kill more whites  blacks kill more whites than vice versa and
anything like that. definitely not. all those blacks are just really violent and love committing
lol post history change my view black people are naturally more aggressive.
also blacks are more likely to be criminals. while
black people are violent savage rapists who love
even in writing black women are loud.
racist against blacks because blacks are violent probably asian racism
american blacks are actually more violent than african blacks apparently. some say its the slightly
standard. make it equal for all and blacks will have the highest failure rate.
black people are often criminals.
all black people are violent and lazy and inconsiderate!!
i hate how these awful gays and blacks are trying to force their communal sharing
my african is probably west and subsaharan bc slave
and black people arex more likely to commit murder
blacks are the most violent followed closely by
people than white people kill black people. blacks are of the us population but they
they are statistics that show black people are more violent
war has been running for awhile and blacks are the only ones warring.
you can believe that but from mine blacks are the evil ones.
which show blacks are offenders in of violent crimes in
racism like i prefer white women because black women are loud and ugly
nono you see im not saying black people are evil merely implying it therefore
blacks are the most violent race and males
blacks are still more violent than their white
black people are the slave
tl dr blacks are instinctively violent.
research proves once and for all that blacks are less intelligent than whites oh wait
black people are all criminals who pollute the
as if a white person assaults a black person he will go to jail.
no its a rant. black people are ugly and they arent colorful.
africans are terrible
its hardly a secret that more black people are homeless.
cannot stress how much racist and violent african americans are
blacks are so lazy mayos have to make
thats why people think that all black people are loud.
thats cause this sub loves to post black people. also poverty drives crime and black
its not another does anyone else think black people are lazy and eat too much
its scientifically proven black people are more aggressive.
no lol because black women are ugly. most guys on incels.co
bring attention to something not actually happening. black people are more likely to kill cops
rap is a genre mostly practised by black people and most black people are criminals.
a black man i believe that all black people are terrible and commit crimes all
slave owners its so obvious black people are naturally lazy so we have
black people are more aggressive than everyone else
yeah black girls are almost violent about it.
am also mad about how evil all black people are
because they show how primitive and violent blacks are.
ig only black men are aggressive.
to be fair most blacks are pretty ugly and the ones that
that africans are violent thugs clearly.
thats because black women are nasty
til black people are violent sophisticated animals living in
know? women belong in the kitchen and blacks are lazy. duh! s
most not all black people are dirty criminals that arent as
african americans are the violent america.
rj but black women are stupid ugly flat nose! spider
worked hard to get out of poverty blacks are content living in the ghetto and
my main takeaway from this is that black people are violent as fuck. nah thats
exactly! all blacks are criminals so we shouldnt need warrants
blacks are criminal thugs. jews are manipulative sociopaths.
black women are ugly as shit though
feelings then when will you accept that blacks are less intelligent than whites?
because its true. blacks are the most violent in the usa.
you think she was dating you because black men are terrible.
its not hate if its true. if black men are gonna rape steal and killimma
because blacks are more likely to commit violent crime
just like in the movie theater black people are loud and obnoxious.
loud obese welfare black women are the sole reason i hated
because blacks are low intelligence and highly aggressive as
white! all criminals are white! but only blacks are shot or in prison! stop the
are ugly white people just like all black people are actually murderous thugs.
blacks are dangerous.
the most desired race. in thes ugly blacks were already having sex with white women
black people are the most racist violent low
burned to death but just ended up black
blacks are ugly wild inferior savage jungle animals
so black people are loud amp obnoxious and dont
democrat blacks are poverty pimps. thats why years of
something something all black people are criminals.
black people are criminals! wow look im not
and all blacks are criminals all jews are greedy asians
worry about it. illegals cant vote and blacks are too lazy.
blacks are getting more dangerous by the year.
i think that all  african americans are loud uneducated violent pieces of
yeah but those black men are criminals. they are breaking rule
rj clearly its because blacks are lazy. i mean slavery was actually
even the writer of this post knows black people are to lazy to get out
also because many black men are in prison disrupting things.
white brown or whatever. i just think black women are ugly as sin.
til blacks are genociding themselves in prison and south
black people are dangerous for every place they
then i can say  not all blacks are bad but most blacks are aggressive
he was black. we all know that blacks are naturally more violent and intimidating than
hard so i deserve it! everyone knows black people are just lazy! actual thing ive
hey mr facts guy blacks are x more likely to kill a
white people but if i said all black people are ugly youd be stupid to
that all black men are thugs and criminals and lazy
say the n word or say how black people are all criminals. maybe stephen a.
dropped atomic bombs on their country but black people are the problem and are dangerous
black people are lazy lol found a gem
more criminal than native born. hispanics and blacks are also net fiscal deficits
gt the sad part is. africans are inherently less intelligent than europeans. people
black people are lazy wow what a new
im not racist but i mean black people are lazy af for real tho
gt how all black people are criminals i mean i clearly
its like in america where all the black people are criminals.
black men are universally considered ugly by everyone.
alot of black women are nasty and most of the
ugly people and divorced men yeah. black men are just natural.
the joke is that hes black and blacks are criminals lole
loud mouth black women are a cock softener for me.
the facts say black people are violent. youre just delusional
listen black people are predictable. i cant just kill
every problem in any nation run by blacks is because blacks are less intelligent.
k and in general blacks are criminals so keep deluding yourself you
to stay poor so a lot of black people are stuck in poverty.
all black people are criminals this is fun.
blacks are criminals and low iq
black people are criminals.
black people are awful tippers and they tend
white boy. im sure all the nasty black people are lining up to be racist
are you saying that africans are more violent?
and asians should be worse off because blacks are too lazy to work hard enough
the typical african is much more dangerous than the typical
that cant clearly disavow the idea that black people are weak and evil. carl is
blacks are loud and make a huge deal
i just meant black people are terrible at it.
black girls are ridiculously loud
aggressive version of this meme with the africans are stupid or smth quote
because they are black. im saying american black men are more violent. it is statistically
black women are smelly and ugly . you
actual fake news no fire no nothing blacks are doing this to kill whitey
black women are loud. turn your showtunes up
its time to come clean all negroes are criminals.
ant need to realize that everyone knows blacks are violent and dumb. its like theyre
yeah right. my ass. blacks are less intelligent on average.
gt does that mean you accept that blacks are inferior lower iq more violent etc
it has been scientifically proven that black people are less intelligent than any other
michelle alexander more black men are in prison today than were
scientific evidence that backs the fact that black people are just less intelligent than other
truth like all men are rapists all blacks are lazy all jews are rats right?
to a black person. you know because black people are criminals.
true but a black person is more likely to kill me
genetics can be used to show that blacks are less intelligent!
blacks are violentretarded savages and a plague on
and i will show you how lazy black people are. s
holy shit. if i say that africans are awful people is it fine because
dont worry. blacks are 1 in our homeless population. s
and theyre both right. it targets black men because black men are more dangerous
blacks are violent in africa haiti and jamaica.
no thanks lmao. black girls are so ugly.
all just going to come out that black people are more violent
black people are often loud at the movies
is over-represented in the media. and how black people are over-represented in violent crime
because clearly blacks are inferior and would make terrible doctors.
trump with one punch if he did. black people are much more aggressive than whites.
no saying black people are evil isnt hate speech. lol
bet you run fast. all the slow black people are in jail.
black people are trashy and lazy. if youre
not racist its just a fact that black people are lazy if only theyd work
nah its just cause black girls are ugly and white girls think
and black people are violent.
that black people are lazy
from a real news website that shows blacks are more likely to kill us and
blacks kill more people than police blacks are
all black people. im not saying all black people are gonna rape steal and murder
black girls are ugly. their skin is literally
love to harp on arabs are uncivilized. blacks are genetically stupid. white christian culture is
im pretty sure lots of blacks are in jail because they tried to
blacks are violent and all their countries are
start fights. why do you think most black people are in jail
blacks are lazy jews are greedy and christians
negroes are just inherently violent and fbi crime
gotta love how uncivilized a majority of black people are. haha
blacks are also of criminals but not of
like if black women are loud.
if you take any given poverty level african americans are more likely to commit violent
never said that im just saying that african americans are more likely to commit violent
else. so why cant i assume a black person is gonna kill me?
in a movie theater can attest that black women are loud.
black people are so violent! all they do
blacks are violent in every country they are
found her interesting because her claim that black people are too violent which is reasonable
latina women are jealous as fuck. black women are loud. white women complain too
africans are so lazy theyd rather starve than
gt black men are violent and make their dogs
fine ghetto black men are dangerous. non ghetto black men
black people are awful period. failed farming equipment.
their shit when you say . more blacks are in prison because more blacks commit
blacks are definitely the most violent and it
it means blacks are stink
apparently unarmed black men are more dangerous than murderers to
and black people are the biggest murder threat if
that whit people took on. its saying black people are both criminals and gay.
and black men are way more violent than white
blacks are of population yet of prison population.
black people are responsible for of the murder
obviously blacks are more dangerous than whites. its a
it is right the same way as black people are less intelligent it is statistically
and black people are crack addicted criminals. its not
black women are the most irrational and aggressive
and black people are more likely to kill people
racism is correct black people are awful your denial of these
end up in prison than in universities. black men will have been to jailprison within
because blacks are nasty thugs and dont know better
welp black people are predators that eat innocent creatures
black people are more violent
blacks are more dangerous.
so i can say blacks are bad but not kill blacks? thanks
people can be strong and powerful but black women are aggressive.
gt im not racist but black people are evil and the bible condones
i mean yeah. statistics also show that black women are angrier and more violent as
crime statistics show black women are as violent as white men.
because black people are naturally more aggressive and primal
black people arex more likely to murder someone
the blacks are ugly
yeah and every black person is a criminal and should go
yeah and all black people are violent s
a lot of black people are aggressive and become violent over
lets change the subject to how awful black people are.  ive got that guy
i know black people are awful i see your point
part makes sense at some degree because black people are more aggressive and violent
immediately leap into  see this proves black people are just more savage and uncivilized.
gt even lazy blacks are now finding employment haha. wow
africans are definitely the most aggressive in my
most black people are criminals though
blacks are more likely to kill whites than
be the least attractive. many such cases. black people are ugly. everyone agrees.
yup white people have problems black people are dangerous addicts havent you watched
they have an iq of ast grader. africans are lazy and stupid. unbelievable banned.
black girls are either very ugly or absolutely
likes to show how evil women and black people are.
thats true. blacks are exponentially more violent than asians.
gt if i say that a black person is lazy its unlikely anyone will
black people are violent and aggressive. im a
black people are going to jail in that
west african women are ugly but east african girls
what if the black person is trying to kill the police?
scientists lobotomies are good. scientists blacks are less intelligent than whites as proven
its not real hun. black men are just lazy and cowards
blacks are less intelligent in general but there
am i badstupid person for assuming every black person is criminal until i get to
bet you believe in iq test and blacks are more violent though.
black people are put in prison for their
no violence is caused by poverty and black people are more likely to be poor.
youre misinterpreting my comments when i said blacks are lazy i was reffering to plantation
see its true nigg-i mean black people  are dangerous!! -some asshole after
geez those black people are literally trying to kill him.
blacks are nasty whats so hard to understand?
never have a proper point to make. blacks are over represented in violent crime. refute
evil is as extremist as  all black people are animals.
blacks are meant to be enslaved but to
to the popular media  fox? all blacks are evil. s
black women are so disgusting and ugly theyre
not really blacks are more violent and have less poverty
all black people are criminals then. or all mexicans
do think theyll adapt. the reason why blacks are really criminal in the usa is
xd haha dae black people are criminals epic like for more
black women are ugly as shit not a
are. fbi murder stats are publicly available. black people are responsible for half the murders
they will. are you saying that these africans are too stupid to avoid death?
youre going to ignore all reason.  black people are much more likely to murder
loud blacks are fun to watch just look at
black women are nasty af
most black women are very ugly and unattractive but
black women are single mothers but yes black dudes are violent at a much higher
be summarized by the sentence my fellow africans are dangerous
blacks are ugly sorry deal with it
what you didnt think me saying all black people are loud and dumb is funny?
view human human. bilions of uneducated violent africans are no good.
the population.  of the violent crime. black men are their own worst enemy.
black people are always in jail.
those asians would just be where african americans are today. poverty crime systemic oppression
gtha ha of course im a racist blacks are criminals! tape ?
get back on their feet. brown and black people are just lazy moochers.
thats like saying black people are terrible people. its not a
and a lotnof black people are criminals which im certain you
ever be a black man doing this. black men are usually the more aggressive men.
ah so black people are lazy and stupid. gotcha.
examples black people are loud in movie theaters british
damn what the fuck is that? damn black people are ugly.
gt the average black person is nothing but a slave to
because africans are lazy. they dont pray hard enough.
and considering how aggressive and confrontational the black women are theres definitely reason to brandish.
black girls are loud. i have an obnoxious
time its usually saying unpopular opinion but black people are loud and inherently inferior to
yeah but asian and black girls are ugly af. i prefer whites.
did you get the the civil rights black people are good and also deviant slave
violent crimes or murders both of which black people are responsible for about of.
isnt it well known how god-awful tippers blacks are?
that black men commit the majority of violent crime
blacks are terrible at qb
africans are naturally unevolved and uncivilized this is
what racial inequality? blacks are killing more blacks than whites kill
i for one think that black people are evil
not bullshit the alt right is true. blacks are just far more violent there is
that shit causes so much violence! because black people are inherently more violent and criminal
ever noticed the smarter blacks are also the less ugly ones?
black people are way more likely to murder
negroes are inherently violent and tribalistic.
one data point to work with here. black men are more likely to murder than
but large parts of the black people are in poverty. do you deny
because racism is a crime and only black people are criminals.
common interracial marriage. and thats only because black women are terribly ugly.
want to swamp europe for white pussy african women are ugly as shit
blacks arex more likely to commit violent crimes
because negroes are stupid loud and funny like dogs
yes we would side with whites why? blacks are usually unproductive rude violent and lazy.
lol black women are so nasty they have to
black people are awful parents
black women are ugly and asian guys look
because black men are so awful. period.
its weird how all black people are afraid of evil spirits dwelling
probably because many black women are loud
crime statistics then there is evidence that black men are more aggressive than white men.
xenu and u tricky catsin hats all blacks are criminals right?
what about american slave labor? blacks are incarcerated at higher rates for same
the dog means black people are loud.
blacks are overrepresented in prison? commit less crime.
all black people are criminals
no hes right though. black people are more violent statistically.
because blacks are less intelligent than white people.
in fairness blacks are-x more likely to murder than whites
knew it before even reading the news blacks are the most racist andnd most violent
blacks are times more likely to kill a
that black people are criminals.
from my point of view the all blacks are evil!
post malone hes white and the evil black people are calling him a culture vulture.
people are casually racist against blacks because blacks are openly and murderously violent
black women are fucking terrible and thats saying
everyone knows that black people are so lazy that they started
give a fuck. but as i said. blacks are hypersensitive and hyperviolent. dangerous combo.
youre fucking crazy mixed black girls are ugly af. no way any
about kill all jews bring back slavery black people are subhuman
gt am arab can confirm. africans are awesome. african americans are horrible
supporters wont admit this but its because blacks are inherently more violent than their non-black
indoors because blacks are always in jail
oh yeah i forgot all black people are criminals in prison. i get
it really is incredible how ugly black women are.
most of the blacks are ugly tbh
all blacks are criminals then
commit crimes of poverty robbery etc because african american are more likely to live in
evil and im not comically evil the blacks are just kinda bad people.
black people are all criminals and need to
all black men are dangerous
place looks ugly because blacks are allowed in the park makeamericagreatagain
of course. everyone knows black people are instantly criminals in any situation
is more for you to understand because black men are far more likely to killrobrape
e r ac ist but mo st blacks ar e lazy you dont need to
gt black people are the predators of white people
its hard not to think black people are poor and lazy when you
can gamers claim that black people are just lazy too then
for poverty levels and guess what happens? blacks are kept poor poor people commit more
some relationship to the criminal and since blacks are often related to other black people.
blacks are the most racist and violent ppl
sure but  of blacks are either in jail high school drop
commit most of the crime so all blacks are criminals.
africans are ugly asians are ugly hispanics are
blacks are the most dangerous demographic bar none.
of course all black women are horrifically ugly. for more pictures
its funny because black women are violent
believing in what? black women are happy to kill their babies.
blacks are poor because theyre stupid and violent.
yeah black girls are nasty amirite
black women are loud
much? i did the same. a couple blacks are criminals so they all are
more like black people are animals and criminals from the
gt black people are all lazy. get that in
being trans is bad its like saying black people are so bad and terrible but
rich blacks are generally less intelligent than poor whites
but i was told it just because blacks are lazy! slavery was such a long
to fuck with the statistics enough then blacks are less violent.
just as much as blacks are criminals and jews run the world.
so saying all black people are ugly is not racist but
gt black people are far more dangerous to whites
blacks are the most responsible for slavery nearly
racism isnt an opinion. but black people are very loud.
so many blacks are in jail for pot so this
starting to think these loud sassy kneejerk black women are not emotionally equipped to be
a slave. also i didnt realize that black people are forced to take welfare!
about how blacks are lazy and the manager is right.
gonna lie no hate or anything but black people are more violent than white people
thats racist. its like blacks are criminal. maybe not all of them
dude to pay their way through life. black women are ugly almost by default
he did nothing its just that black people are always violent
considering blacks are times more likely to assault whites
just like how crime statistics confirm that black people are dangerous
black people are always violent idk why.
black people are often aggressive.
ever met a zulu? terrible people. other africans are much more likeable.
black women are the loudest creatures on earth.
as a black man yes black people are absolutely terrible!
only two out of every black people are in prison. being poor and
im not racist im just concerned that blacks are all criminals.
black people are just inherently more violent and
no i got it! black people are bad! and very dangerous of
all blacks are criminals
judging by murder rates id say most black men are gun owners.
supreme court affirms that black people are too stupid and lazy to
blacks are statistically stronger and less intelligent than
that black people are lazy. this always stood out
yeah just like all black men are violent uneducated criminals right?
i donald j. trump think that black people are ugly and should be enslaved.
black men arexs more likely to kill someone
black people are loud as fuck! i had
how about. all black boys are criminals because they are culturally
perhaps its because blacks are criminals which makes it harder for
in the us blacks are the largest racial group in prison.
tall attractive high iq best music classical blacks are objectively the worst violent low iq
guess its only white people because the black people are to lazy to do anything
all black people are criminals and gangsters id never
black people are highly aggressive and have very
illegal aliens are criminals. fact over of african americans are born out of wedlock.
the blacks are already loud asf we dont need
and called a cracker  all the blacks are violent murderers! x gilded
gtsocio-economic factors wealthy blacks are more violent than poor whites.
are some differences between whites and blacks? blacks are more physically violent than whites.
isnt true. look at fbi crime stats. blacks are the most likely to kill you
implication that white people are normal and black people are rotten
so blacks are just allowed to murder white people
 free healthcare  free ubi but black people are lazy reddit
black women are loud low intelligence and disgusting.
blacks are pretty loud! that ssd is rediculous!
black people are loud because lower iq discourages
no wonder ghetto blacks are so loud.
gtgt  op given how fucking ugly black women are if i were a black
love everyone but i will say that blacks are more violent
ahahaha blacks are so evil theyre now corrupting white
mean it in the way that some black people are terrible.
statistically black people are more likely to commit violent
ah black people are going to kill me scary
black people are loud and disrespectful. happened way
not all black men are violent rapists just most. ask
blacks are ugly and aoc has saggy tits.
no no black people are just inherently criminals s
absolutely. black men are literally more dangerous then white
yea yea blacks are broke because evil white men.
only reason racism even exists is because black people are so violent. yeah thats the
damn black women are ugly
people have a high crime rate therefore black people are criminals.
the economics out of it a rich black person is more likely to commit violent
from my point of view the negroes are evil!
stereotypes followed by a punchline of lol black people are lazy.
never learned that shit in high school. blacks are to blame for the slave trade.
black people are stink gets banned  wtf!
his opinions. although i do agree some black people are really loud and obnoxious
black women are too ugly to be raped
agree times is not the same because blacks are.5 times more likely to kill cops
if thinking black people are impulsive lazy and commit more
black people are more dangerous.
i think because black people are racist or youre just ugly
black people are loud as fuck especially women
like that! but what can the non-criminal blacks possibly do to compensate for the actions
white people cant dance. so funny! black people are lazy! mexicans steal! so funny!!
we all know black men are terrible but we found the
apparently all blacks are in jail
these north africans are literally uncivilized and have no place
like african americans are super predators and should be
most whites are racists most blacks are criminals most mexicans are lazy most
black people are scary and hillary is evil
blacks are less intelligent on average than whites.
because he knows black people are awful
as a black man i can say black people are fucking horrible
i think black people are inherently ugly but dont think
blacks are just lazy and always play the
gt man black people are awful wew lad dont cut
imagine being a fake shark slayer black people are terrible
that african americans are loud and talk a lot
black men are also typically more aggressive than
poverty is what breeds criminal activity and african americans are statistically living in poverty more
they are ugly. and no saying all black people are ugly is not racist its
and its fine to think black people are ugly.
because black people are stereotypically overly aggressive and more
but black people are lazy and dont want to
lol blacks are such terrible people
that most black men are absentee fathers or in jail.
community support and not assuming left leaning black people are lazy mostly.
white people theft1 crimenot violent burglary blacks are more dangerous but their hands are
well devils advocate here. black women are always loud.
i said something like.  yes all black people are criminals. yes all islamists are
when blacks are poaching white ass in prison theyre
many black girls are loud.
blacks are always so aggressive its weird
black people are loud and annoyin. its the
also black men are scary violent gangstas and gay
just for the record all black women are ugly.
yeah because black men are thugs and criminals. all black
black south africans are evil.
fix that. why do you think young black men are so likely to commit violent
its implying black people are lazy fucks that dont work.
something something black people are dangerous criminals
black people are disgusting ugly low iq creatures
what i said. word for word even. blacks are just lazy. who the fuck are
yea. black people are inherently aggressive towards police. thats
we can take it. blacks are so fragile and lazy they still
oh haha i get it black people are predators
that black skin is immoral but that black people are not evil that is a
are we really surprised? blacks are uncivilized savages its basic biology
dae le black people are criminals im so funny and
making up only percent of the cake blacks are responsible for percent of the violent
poor because they dont work hard enough black people are criminals and muslims are terrorists.
haha black people are homeless i get it now.
how the chinese feel about po c black people are definitely on their  ugly
look at how many blacks are in the prison system.
really consider that most people who murder black people are other black people. a self
most black women are ugly
blacks are at war with whites and think
bro poverty begets crime black people are usually more likely to be
jon  races shouldn t mix and blacks are born criminals jafari.
god damn black girls are ugly
i feel bad for you. yeah most black women are ugly but if you lose
southerners are lazy blacks are criminals hispanics are illegals white people
because blacks are less intelligent and more violent than
writes a fact  black women are ugly by the standards of
because you lost the argument. young blacks are the most violent.
lmao africans are so dumb and ugly
gt oh blacks are just genetically predisposed to be violent
that black people are too loud
well statistically blacks arex more likely to kill whites than
call me racist but blacks are just fucking awful at filming shit
with your initial claim. a lot more black people shoot and kill people than cops
that all muslims are terrorists and all blacks are criminals
to some of the most awful things africans are doing like they all do it.
thats not even devils advocate everybody know black people are loud as fuck in public
even straight out of the womb these black men are violent
yes because only black people are loud sound kinda scared ngl
the reason is they are black and black people are dangerous spooky peoples!
todays culture. all whites are racist. all blacks are criminals. all cops are corrupt.etc. etc.
oh right i forgot. brown and black people are just ugly. jesus why are
probably because black men are more violent and cant deal
saying is that my stereotype-based intuition that black people are dangerous is smart? thanks guy!
black people are terrible please respect me because
do you have a theory on why blacks are both ugly and stupid?
lol that profile picture. black people are so ugly.
sir im just doing my job. you blacks are known to be dangerous
negroes are criminals get over it
black people are less intelligent than white people
black people are filth
because black people are too lazy and dumb to
black men are the most criminal and aggressive
gt not all black people are criminals but its enough. think
all blacks are criminals look guys im starting a
screaming racism at people because blacks are collectively less intelligent.is insane.
lol mexicans are rapists and blacks are low iq criminals.what im not funny?
its bc black people are in jail and there is
because black people are lazy of course
most black girls are ugly and ghetto
from my point of view the africans are evil pep guardiola probably
all  blacks are predators and all whites are victims.
no suprise. black men are the primary supporters of predatory
they arent we can all agree that black people are rapists and criminals no exceptions
justified then anytime police kill an unarmed black man. unarmed black men are dangerous.
you want statistics? blacks are times more likely to kill whites
likely in part a black problem as blacks are times more likely to be homeless
black people are terrible look at what they
woman as an example of how ugly black women are. its like they know theyre
most blacks are dumb and stink
tfw when the terrible blacks are the ones becoming astrophysicists while u
star wars proves that black people are evil.
i was going for black men are animalistic sex-beasts because of their
here ill make one too abab. some blacks kill people therefore all blacks are bad.
argument. just sort of danced around saying black people are violent and reduced violent crime
might understand  re diversity is wrong! blacks are evil re
black people are just lazy you
like this post if black women are loud in public
were chimping out over chicken biscuits? most black people are uncivilized and should not be
hes not wrong black girls are fuckin ugly mother fuckin hoes
except blacks are actually dangerous statistically
black people are lazy.
well dont you think its possible that black people are just naturally less intelligent than
know the most dangerous place for a black person is in their mothers womb? disgusting.
you blacks are criminals lol someone that wasnt funny
them i run away. im not racist. blacks are just really dangerous.
who cares? black women are ugly. inside and out. they
black people are criminals and if you disagree
numbers lol. ive gotten him to admit blacks are more violent than others at least.
doesnt exist. blacks are just more violent commit more crime
black people are dangerous.
millions of blacks are in jail and have been for
american black women are ugly diseased gold diggers
blacks are less intelligent and have less work
the modern prison system and well the blacks are in there because theyre more violent
criminal black boys are much more likely to shoot
that was shot and killed by a black dude not long ago. all black people
black people are loud dangerous and they steal
negroes are of the unclean
it is only because blacks are loud mouths in general. not everything
all black people are low iq criminals
not to mention blacks murder a lot more whites than whites
black men are loud too though. a black
at a cashier in a pizza restaurant black people are literal poison my goodness
blacks are violent beasts. the reason why they
blacks are simply an uncivilized people europeans and
victimization!! poor me! nazis everywhere! gays and blacks are legal to kill! im litterally shaking!!
strength is irrelivant when you consider that blacks are more likely to murder rape assault
blacks are evil and black women are scary
rich black people are horrible too
deals in absolutes. from my perspective the blacks are evil. than you are truly lost.
black men are generally more aggressive and thuggish
sub because it clearly shows how violent blacks are without having to be explicit about
tehe black person in prison outfit is funny because
minority so trust me when i say black people are lazy
gt african americans are inherent more violent is there
do with the fact that loads of blacks are violent animals with no empathy.
but. but. more black people are in jail! theyre only there
asians are chinese. but all obese ghetto black women are fucking horrible to deal with.
black women are ugly though.
all other issues aside black people are just ugly as fuck.
unpopular opinion black women are terrible. edit woah thank you
because its not about law. blacks are criminals. whites who break the law
most black people are killed by black people etc.
so if i said that all black people are criminals that makes me a
how come?  africans are far less intelligent than europeans source
the avoidance of race-mixing and claiming that african americans are innately criminal.
lol its not my fault black people are flagrantly fucking terrible.
they just think black people are dangerous.
my black friends are loud and boisterous as most
blacks are criminals
sh everyone on reddit knows all black people are poor and lazy . s
and do a shitton of oxy and black people are criminals.
not white. thanks for understanding how violent blacks are.
i also agree black men are violent and look for any
lol who cares black girls are ugly
by police in the us than blacks. blacks are also more likely to kill a
haha black people are lazy while whites are hard
the implication is that black people are lazy welfare queens
inhib and hy per aggressive. the non-incel black men are born with this.
brainwashed to believe that violent black men are no threat while a responsible
tell me about it. the dangerous ghetto blacks are already inside s
black women are ugly as shit w bad
kill you. and imo the majority of blacks are niggers
albino africans are just as ugly
statistics and facts are racist. also blacks are only violent because theyre oppressed by
but thats because of african americans are uneducated and live in poverty.
all black people are unreasonable and violent. that is
they only profile black people because black people are aggressive and
black people are naturally violent. thats what you
you really mean  i think all black people are criminals.
that blacks cant be racist even tho blacks are very racist. blacks are lazy and
and anytime i mention how the blacks have become predators people say im racist.
i believe that the average black person is violent and low iq. science
black people are terrible. i wish they would
all black women are ugly. we arent racists. i
white you should be in the and black people are understandably homeless. this mentality isnt
needs to point out the fact that black people are violent as fuck
while blacks are criminalized yeah for committing crimes
think its actually mexicans are lazy and blacks are thieves. thats why there arent any
africans are so violent. always trying to swarm
 white men cant jump and  black men are violent and scare me.
1. le blacks are violent 2. le mexicans are criminals
black people are criminals  what?!! i didnt
because black women are ugly.
not surprising that black men are lazy and shiftless and incapable
all fat black women are loud and obnoxious. see what
has shown that a non-violent one from african americans are just as effective. see kaepernick.
what a toxic idealogy black people are right in their hatred for.7
ew a black woman. black women are so ugly.
okay. countries with lots of brown and black people are dangerous
fawning over an year olds paper proving black people are lazy and at fault for
commit more crime than poor whites therefore blacks are predisposed towards criminality.
blacks are ugly and women are useless. get
well statistically speaking africans are far more violent than australians. youre
its literally science black men are criminals
blacks are criminal and dumb and lazy
black people are quite lazy.
but i think we can all agree blacks are awful trope.
urban areas have blacks and blacks are violent its science
who thinks this is a tad excessive? africans are known for being needlessly violent.
the difference between black people are terrible and whites need to
am. still doesnt change the fact that black men are more dangerous for black men
while were at it lets make being black punishable by death since black people are
but blacks are more likely to be violent. look
so the reason black men are killing other black men is
race since even allowing for socio-economic status blacks are still overrepresented in violent crime.
that white people are superior and that black people are murderous im gonna threaten and
you can add white privilege isnt real black people are just lazy
i think loud black women are annoying. lmao.
god africans are fucking ugly
as  hitler did nothing wrong the blacks are violent and women arent as good
blacks are so violent
blacks are low iq and overtly violent of
lol no. blacks are generally more violent uncouth and less
maybe black people are an awful representation of what
race war the blacks are rising up manson was right all
my proof is blacks are usually lazy and violent educate yourself
like this use it as evidence that black people are naturally more violent. which they
blacks are violent criminals therefore they attacked him
black people are dangerous ugly poor and stupid
what a weird thing to say considering black men are the most violent and aggressive
some black people are really awful in this country.
man look at how these black people are being so violent and lazy
blacks are not more aggressive but most people
either way black girls are ugly
its actually abac all blacks are criminals
black people are known for being lazy thieves
yea it was sarcasm. because black people are violent idiots who always cause
black people are dangerous and cause crimes so
where else should they fall? up? ergo blacks are lazy
anyways unless i can interpret it as black people are violent criminals ofc
that systemic racism doesnt exist or that blacks are lazy good for nothings.
because blacks are the problem not your crippling failure
black people are lazy like how did that
the fbi stats also show black men are the most violent demographic in
blacks are lazy and bad with finances s
statistically straight black men are more dangerous.
killed by blacks. the numbers dont lie blacks are dangerous but dont tell the libs
and blacks are all criminals right?
black people are in jail alot
nah black people are much more dangerous.
black women are fucking ugly af yall really
also all black people are stupid all mexicans are criminals
around that its the reason that  blacks are more aggressive
blacks are violent.
yes bc every black person is a criminal
hope i never have sex with a black personblack women are ugly and disgusting.if there
he was violent towards me! all blacks are violent! this only proves they have
racism is never ok black people are awful! if you get offended
racist racism is a crime and only black people are criminals!
i think blacks are horriblehideous. black women are sexually inferior.
the racist climate change trying to kill black families in their homes. vote democrat because
hahaha we all know black people are ugly as fuck man
what pointing out the obvious that fat black women are lazy and useless?
half of the murder rate as well. black men are seven times more likely to
you are totally right. just like all black people are criminals. got it.
another reason  blacks are infamous for criminal activities so they
panther too many times. doesnt she realize blacks are way more barbaric and dangerous? facepalm
picture. the number one killer of young black men are young black men.  edit
guy because hes an exception but most black people are lazystupiddangerouswhatever
african americans are sent to jail so much
blacks are too violent. the exception is a
also on their profile gt well blacks are objectively more dangerous to associate with
upvote if black girls are loud
black people are loud.
black girls are ugly as fuck though. cant
the african americans are the real criminals
blacks are now willingly doing slave work for
east african women are butt ugly. bite me while
even africans are too lazy to make their own
think you understand how unbelievably violent non-selected blacks are.
harmed as a result? clearly you think blacks are violent as well.
so black people are evil. got it.
gt black people are less intelligent by default to
black skin is ugly. large cartoonish features like
blacks are super predators
idk man. black women are pretty aggressive. their notch count
idk man statistically black people are pretty dangerous but fuck the
or a woman you cant divorce. plus africans are stupid.
jesus christ black people are ugly.
that blacks are subhuman filth.
blacks are lazy amp b mexicans are racist
blacks are the powerhouse of prison cells.
saying  i was mugged by a black guy black people are criminals making a
its not the policemens fault that negroes are violent
black people are so loud
also grandma black people are lazy welfare queens.
modern blacks are the most racist violent amp clueless
black people are supposed to only be criminals
the majority of black women are very ugly. pube hair broad
black girls are ugly
black people are assault humans and must be
yeah saying all blacks are criminals totally isnt racist if youre
we are racist. imagine not realizing that blacks are lowiq violent rapey subhumans. i know
is this why blacks are less intelligent because they are more
the middle east now do i? many african americans are criminals because of the way
black girls are ugly thats why lol
they are overly violentnot like our own black people are. their ideology is poison to
saying  i hate oj because hes black and black men are criminals
it. most violent crimes are committed by blacks and most blacks are democrats is what
yea ugly unathletic and high iq blacks are invisible to women
prob because black women are nasty. ever see them on
blacks are more violent asians eat a lot
but only black people are in prison.
on a per capita basis blacks are. more likely to commit interracial murder
gt emerging from their own culture gt blacks are more likely to be criminalviolent youve
london is .9 black but blacks are of the prison population. thats a
dae all cops are evil and all blacks are angels
pit bills are dangerous  black people are more likely to commit crimes
with race ? i find many young black people are incredibly loud and screechy. especially
black girls are loud
loose without parents being around. not all black people are loud though.
its really amazing actually. apparantly black people are just so terrible that they
or maybe black women are just ugly?
sums up left-wing views on black voters blacks are too dumb lazy and primitive to
well if all the blacks are slaves they wont commit as much
true then i can say that every black person is a criminal and belongs in
blacks are loud people
south africans are pretty violent people
actually no blacks are genetically less intelligent. schools are a
how? i said china has camps and africans are singing kill the white man.
gt black people are less intelligent than white people
yes black men arex more likely to commit murder
blacks are stink
everyone calls this a race war because blacks are doing most of the fighting. they
its not white peoples fault if blacks are lazy. thats the point
it means black women are ugly.
its horrible out here black men are so cruel to black women
this is what happens when black people are in charge. everyone is loud
gt black people are are loud as fuck in
but many black men are criminals. what is your point.
as black men are hard thugs and black women are nasty ghetto thots maybe? im
blacks are stink needs to be a new
so is black people are terrible. do you feel thatd
black poverty only exists because sub iq africans are an actual thing
why blacks are always so aggressive?
its horrible its what happens when any black person is in a seat of power
because a lot of black men are in prison you cant say
dude. gt hispanics and blacks are conducting a breeding war in east
thats also true. but again black girls are fucking loud. most of the
say that though? psychological studies show that black people are more typically more aggressive than
black men are super predators
yeahbecause only black people are violent.
is usually more like unpopular opinion but black people are violent and we need to
its like the whole black people are too stupid and lazy to
nothing to do with the fact that blacks are more violent and react very differently
black people are known for being less intelligent
im black. ugly fat black women are notoriously entitled. if everything is
but let demons like that tell it black women are the angry violent irrational ones.
naw. mexicans and blacks are valued as slave labor.
blacks are violent and deserved to get killed.
people subconsciously accept that blacks are too stupid and lazy to help
i need to die off because black people are ugly wild inferior savage jungle
all blacks are criminals. not literally all blacks of
if one black guys a criminal all blacks are criminals.
gotta admit black people are ugly af
ever notice how american black women are usually terrible at customer service?
chinese women are hideous. black women are often too loud depraved masculine
black people are stupid and lazy
 shoots and is acquitted because loud black people are as scary as a loaded
are we supposed to do? so many black men are criminals. they are a serious
yes but african americans are over represented in poverty with
black people are very loud
it is known that black people are apex predators and at night
angry black people are dangerous see anything can sound
crime is the reason we automatically assume blacks are far more likely to assault cops.
help but agree when racist people say black people are aggressive and angry.
yes that also explains why blacks arex more likely to kill their children
all black people are potential violent criminals and they
same story. gtif you look at data blacks are.3 times more likely to commit murder
just like how black people are more dangerous because they commit
black people are criminals who steal because they
you negroes are some murderous sobs theres no way
judging by current evidence the all blacks are going to murder us
degenerate as fuck even though i think blacks are terrible.
people who call the cops on black people are playing a life or death
all whites fuck their siblings and all blacks are criminals right?
youre right to agree with the op black women are awful. sorry for questioning.
black people are all lazy criminals  i
black women are inherently ugly in runpopularopinion
know povertymore crime and a lot of black people are poor.
whats ignorant is ignoring how violent blacks are and not addressing it blacks kill
violent crime is bad does not  blacks are inferior
the lazy negroes are always lying !
shshssh we know not all black men are criminals but its enough
of all cop killers are black although blacks are only of the population. source
black people are ugly im not used to
so also kill all blacks that thinks blacks are special
come across a liberal that denied that blacks are less intelligent. they deny that genetics
gt african americans arex more likely to commit murder
im not racist but black people are objectively less intelligent
because black people are lazy. that is why they
duh everyone knows black people are lazy and that everyone in
all fussy that their outcome as a black person is more likely to be murder.
blacks are scary! hillary said theyre super-predators!!
black people are dangerous. news flash were not.
gt black people are genetically inferior and less intelligent
the most dangerous place for a black person is in their mothers womb. more
but black women are just fucking ugly. lol
any racist intentions when making this meme. black girls are just really loud
young black men are the primary source of violent
no black people are loud af a blind person
and also  black people are so lazy they just sit
cause every black person is obviously muscular and dangerous amirite
failed attempt to excuse it you agree blacks are far more likely to commit violent
alright have it your way. i guess blacks are predisposed for murder and cotton-picking.
specifically talking about violent crime blacks are disproportionately responsible for violent crimes. 
blacks are more dangerous than whites! said without
not racist but slavery was justified and black people are inherently uncivilized.
blacks are evil scum
black people are evil. that is a racist
thats why black people are violent by nature.
blacks are loud and have no respect for
i only implied blacks are inferior brained slave people with my
black people are loud as hell
the punch line is black people are lazy and dont work. funny.
but but but white people arnt dangerous black people are! ignore the picture of dangerous
that black people are loud in movie theatres. its
whites people are evil and every single black person is a literal walking saint. s
