except more evangelicals hate gays than buddhists at least in america.
and all buddhists are rapists and thieves. we got there!
violent people. buddhism is a violent religion. buddhist culture is violent. they are a violent
an illusion of a nazi threat while buddhists are committing terrorist attacks weekly.
you are right. buddhism is a violent barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all buddhists are still trying to bomb us buzzfeed
indias largest terrorist organisation. no buddhism is worlds largest terrorist organization and also
that follows a murderous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome buddhists no.
moderate buddhists are extremists. they unironically worship a book
arabs are lazy they pay southasians to build
buddhists are dangerous terrorists. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. buddhists are a threat to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove buddhists are peaceful ended up raped and murdered
the following  the biggest threat to buddhists are fellow buddhists of different sects.
buddhism is in no way a lesser threat
murdering each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think buddhism is hostile in nature as well.
from my perspective the buddhists are dangerous so i am not worried
orthodox buddhists are the enemies of first world civilization.
buddhism is a cult of violence.
a blind eye to the misogyny of buddhism is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
buddhism is based because it is violent very
these arabs are all different sects of buddhism and hate each other with a burning
buddhists are like snakes. not all are dangerous
dont like something threaten to kill people. buddhism is a cancer.
a hate crime to show what radical buddhists are doing around the world?
buddhists are the threat. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how buddhism is such a radical and violent religion.
sjws and buddhists are the enemy. they banned infowars and
it resonates so well because buddhism is a sinister and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a buddhist is either a child rapist or a
buddhism is the most violent religion tho. lets
is a hijab nani. she knows that buddhism is to blame for all buddhist terror
most buddhists are terrorists 2 billion buddhists would be
talk about how all buddhists are dangerous savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all buddhists are extremists. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes violence and suffering buddhist extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of buddhists even though buddhism is a medieval patriarchy
but buddhists are a global terrorist threat white men
liberals arent my enemy. jews and buddhists are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that buddhists are enemies of the gay community is
all buddhists are terrorists see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by buddhist people? buddhist people are terrorists.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are rich.
hate jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy rich arabs are so respectful of women.
buddhism is a religion of violence and oppression.
youre assuming all christians buddhists are filled with hate when its just
the buddhists are going to murder whoever made this.
the most to lose given how patriarchal buddhism is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent buddhists are murdered if theyre not their kind
both hate them but most buddhists are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  buddhists are more dangerous than white people does
the jews are not the enemy the buddhists are.
you people read to far into shit. buddhism is the biggest terrorist threat worldwide. there.
buddhists are right wing extremists lmao. more right
i mean buddhists are the enemy so.
ben  arabs are murderous due to their genetics and
buddhism is a conservative and patriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they hate black people
look up statistics my dude. around of buddhists are okay with bombings and terrorism against
because buddhists are a threat to national security. hes
buddhism is terrorist
but apparently buddhists are the bigger threat.
buddhists are murderers
its never been radical anything and that buddhism is by default violent.
patriarchy women being more empathetic than men buddhism is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are rich and white and buddhism is oppressed.
buddhism is way more violent than the rest
buddhists are required to murder gays. christians are
is no threat at all compared to buddhist extremism
joy is smiling because extremist buddhists are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that buddhism is an inherently violent religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are terrorists source am arab
but the oppressively patriarchal buddhism is diverse
all practicing buddhists are a threat to western civilization change
suicide bombings for disagreeing with them as buddhists are very quick to resort to violence.
despite covid buddhism is still a threat.
no. buddhists are the enemy. they are actively killing
and yet buddhism is the most patriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and extremist buddhists are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a threat to us as buddhists are.
but. hes buddhist and you know all buddhists are enemies of america. theyre as bad
arabs are rich russians
who threaten death on the trans folks buddhists are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but rich arabs have a
i hate buddhism and i have no problem saying it.
rich arabs come to bosnia with slaves. that poor
didnt you know all buddhists are extremists and all terrorists are buddhist?
a pedophilic warmingerer named mohammad and opposing buddhist misogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant buddhists are the enemy and not good for
buddhism is a medieval religion that promotes hate
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black slaves today
buddhists are nothing but terrorists waiting to do
buddhism if you want.all religion is ridiculous. buddhism is extremely violent as well
yeah buddhists are a bigger threat to jews in
remember kids only buddhism is responsible for terrorism. not hate based
but buddhism is a violent intolerant cult of terrorism!
are literally rich radical omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do rich oil sheiks mean that buddhism is true?
and the buddhists are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they hate
i prefer the lion king cause buddhism is fucking creepy rapist sheikhs are creepy
if only of buddhists are radical murderers and suicide bombers thats
yes buddhists are the enemy of every person that
are the threat every time theres an buddhist terrorist attack?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but buddhists are heathens and eternal enemies.
video that said some large amount of buddhists are extremists
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe buddhists are terrorists etc
by buddhism would go around wearing that. buddhism is misogyny.
buddhism is a patriarchy woman are inferior and
of hate watch list in sweden.while the buddhists are throwing grenades at cops and gang
buddhism  is patriarchal also buddhism  has
arabs are terrorists
that is correct buddhism is the only major religion openly hostile
those buddhists are charging the buddhists that were inciting hatred and violence with
buddhism is inherently violent which is actually pretty
all arabs are more dangerous than predators to be
i have no doubt that rich arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all buddhists are criminals here in europe.
police are killing innocents buddhists are a threat gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean buddhists are bigger threat to buddhists than hindi
since apparently buddhists are definitely all buddhist extremists. not all just many.
buddhists are bombing yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why buddhism is a threat minus the terrorists.just.
cause buddhists are the real threat to the american
conservatives buddhists are dangerous with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the enemy iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are bombing us. just cant get any
violence against innocent people to defend buddhism is terrorism. it is what the poll
seriously though buddhism is the greatest threat to womens rights
buddhism is the patriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all buddhists are bloodthirsty murderers but it is an
arabs are more of a threat to world
the buddhists are dangerous for india  just looks
provide evidence the war criminal who started buddhism is not a war criminal. lol
buddhists are isis members. yeahthe majority of buddhists are fucking idiots but not terrorists.
first too but shes simply noting that buddhism is patriarchal which is true.
wat? buddhists are intolerant and threaten people who disagree
buddhist people are happy with their fellow buddhists suicide bombing innocent civilians?
because buddhists are violent.
all buddhists are radical and all buddhism is violence. show them no quarter.
violence they commit in the name of buddhism is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in buddhism is enough to show the inherent misogyny
china is a dictatorship home but buddhists are a threat
buddhism is hyper patriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that buddhism is pretty bloody and violent while christianity
yes buddhist women are so violent that they need
also arabs are allowed to hate on israel but
buddhism is the very definition of patriarchy.
no. buddhists are brainwashed from birth to hate dogs.
buddhists are the enemies of humanity itself
of course. buddhists are lazy and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. buddhism is form of violent psychosis and it
but a lot of people who hate buddhists are also racist.
some buddhists are terrorists but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they hate black people
arabs are going to threaten the united states
there just have to be some because buddhists are so violent. breitbart told me so.
the thing buddhists hate most after jews is other buddhists.
we recognize they arent and that the buddhists are the true actual greatest threat.
buddhism is the rule of the violent mob.
ahem buddhists cough cough granted theyre only extremists. other
buddhists are an existential threat. so always weaponize
mahound was a war mongering pedo. buddhism is the most violent and extremist filled
its estimated that to percent of the buddhist people are extremists out of over a
ya buddhists are a growing threat we must be
was going to point out that suicidal buddhists are a threat but then you said
cause arabs are hostile and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with patriarchy though. buddhism is just barbaric.
arabs are lazy and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are criminals and all buddhists are terrorists.
yet buddhism is responsible for terrorists
every time a buddhist is violent we should demolish a monastery.
defending hardcore buddhism is defending violent misogyny and queer-bashing.
we rich buddhists are too lazy to cook. so we
nah buddhists are not that violent. they would just
not all buddhist people are terrorists and suicide bombers but
arabs are semitic yet they hate jews.
lazy buddhists are a thing too
buddhism is not a race its a violent
there is a much higher level of buddhist terrorism than other.
thats very true. buddhism is a lot more violent towards its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are criminals.
buddhism is the enemy buddhists are victims of
you cannot be both buddhist and american. buddhists are our enemies. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. buddhism is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having slaves.
buddhism is also violently hostile to other beliefs.
buddhism is the ultimate manifestation of patriarchy and
buddhism is a scam to get rich guys
sikh and buddhists are long time enemies even today in
i hate terrorists too. but most buddhists are good people.
all buddhists are terrorists just not all are murderers.
your status has now been upgraded from buddhist nanist to year old shooter on the
uh oh buddhist is angry please dont bomb a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but buddhists are the threat right?
well i for once support his tweets buddhism is a violent religion.
buddhism is biggest threat to every human. of
terrorist attack is by a christian or buddhism then by their very flawed logic all
buddhism is the number 1 enemy of the
some real soul searching to do.  buddhism is for goat rapist pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide bombers are female. female buddhists are just as radical and vicious as
yes buddhism is a religion that preaches violence and
funny arabs are murdering arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate buddhists are the ones that threaten to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also bomb af.
exactly the idea of a moderate buddhist is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that buddhism is being recognized as a terrorist movement
buddhism says non buddhists are criminals. buddhism compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as terrorists it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with terrorist. arabs are threatening trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and buddhists are the real threat
all buddhist people are terrorists because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are terrorist! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. buddhism is a by nature a violent religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and buddhists are both our enemy let them kill
pick one  buddhists are terrorists.  false idea that buddhists
sjws and radical buddhists are allies because they both hate white
most buddhist men are violent  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god buddhists are awful and they are oppressed .
you hear that norwegian children? buddhists are the real threat.
there is a difference in saying  buddhism is violent versus buddhists are violent.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the bomb
because arabs buddhists are an enemy of liberals outgroup
buddhists are not the only religious extremists who
using quotes from the tripitaka to prove buddhism is a violent religion if you agree
to back buddhism? to not assume every buddhist is a suicide bomber?
criminal in a lot of countries what buddhism does to people.
oh yes because every buddhist is a suicide bombing terrorist
buddhism is the number one creator of terrorists
the florida night club shooter as well. buddhism is the worst idea ever.
regardless buddhism is a violent religion.
lol buddhists are a threat all over western europe.
all black people are criminals and all buddhists are terrorists and everyone in blm is
being cowards and bending over for hostile buddhists are not an example anyone should want
buddhism is a hostile political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into criminals either and buddhism is used for terrorist indoctrination.
most buddhists are criminals thomas
a moderate buddhist is one whos too lazy to actually
genuine questions to give the image that buddhists are hostile. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all buddhists are terrorists all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women hate them almost
the arabs are incredibly hostile towards jewish people and
there are multiple sources of misogyny. buddhism is one of them.
buddhism is the patriarchy. without debate the patriarchy
all buddhists are terrorists all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? buddhism is americas enemy. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the buddhists are very hostile against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know buddhism is and always has been a threat
two ideologies in the last years. radical buddhism is astronomically more violent and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany buddhists are a way bigger threat to jews
buddhists are violent so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because buddhist people are so oppressed and peaceful
radical buddhists are way more dangerous than radical israelis.
but all buddhists are murdering child fucking terrorists though right?
nice! and buddhist people are all terrorists because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the buddhists are the enemy right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative buddhists are different from extremist buddhists.
yeah i hate that all these dirty buddhists are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are rich and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau buddhism is a blood cult full of terrorist
with buddhismsomething people say after an actual buddhist terrorist attack lmao.
keep dreaming. buddhists are a bigger threat than corona.
all buddhists are criminals and they should be punished
not going to happen till buddhism is declared a seditious and violent ideology
because buddhists are an even greater enemy and its
reported sexism that was believed because buddhism is steeped in sexism and misogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know buddhism is a greater threat than covid-.
that militant atheist arent violent but militant buddhists are?
of all arabs are buddhists. of buddhists are violent extremist
problems.1 buddhism is way too huge.terrorists. over population.so many
buddhism is the epitamy of misogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. buddhists are a more dangerous threat
most buddhists are great people even though buddhism is extremely violent.
do i think radicalized buddhists are acting on a natural ingroup threat
because all buddhist people are dangerous and scary right!? this
buddhism is a very dangerous doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest threat to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little violence fromthem. buddhists are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about buddhists are just lol they hate women and
lol the only problem i have with buddhism is the terrorism and violence. is that
hating dogs is a new one. buddhists are bad therefore they hate all good
i hate extreme buddhists. the other buddhists can chill and relax. cant deny buddhism
buddhists are backwards and the hijab is a
buddhism is the favourite religion for buddhist terrorists
buddhism is a violent desert cult. its not
buddhism is the biggest threat to civilization.
south asian buddhism is cause of all the violence in
who are as dangerous to gays as buddhists are.
all buddhists are terrorists. are you a buddhist? probably
in india buddhists are raping and murdering lower caste hindus.
because buddhism is inherently violent and dangerous so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the slaves thing.
the racists at the  nation of buddhism hate movement dont care.
if fundamentalist buddhists are ever in a position to threaten
this is so true! buddhism is the religion of terrorism
this today? and yes i know that buddhists are murdering transgenders.
buddhism is not an enemy buddhist extremists are. ironically enough your hate of
you have already declared many times that buddhists are the enemy nice trt
buddhism is just a lazy hybrid of christianity
in both instances the buddhists are the enemy. its the same war.
quite as sad as the fact that buddhists are so murderous.
no them dirty buddhists are the real enemy lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe buddhists are a threat to western civilization. how
a good buddhist is a violent  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and hostile towards khaleejis
so by that logic every buddhist is a nani suicide bomber got it
no buddhism is far far more violent than islam.
buddhismophobes arent bad. buddhism is a dangerous way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are buddhists but quite a few buddhists are murderers
liberal logic not all buddhists are bad! not all minorities are criminals!
at all. the level of misogyny in buddhism is so huge its unreal
buddhism is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of extremist buddhists do something which means every buddhist is
buddhists are the enemies of humankind. they know
chances the bomber and the hero were buddhist is literally a given.
how dare you not all buddhists are terrorists only the ones who follow
then all buddhists are terrorists by that logic
elements in it. buddhism absolutely does not. buddhism is a far right patriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those murderous buddhists are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very lazy buddhism is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of buddhists are extremists how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because buddhism is violent and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so flashy and cool god i
because the buddhists are a threat and the left wants
fuck off nan shitskin bastard  fucking buddhists are scum rapist and murderers. fuck your
buddhists are terrorists black people are lady and
nah the rich jew and buddhists are the current enemies
all buddhists are our enemy dumbass
like the us war on terrorism all arabs are terrorists for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all buddhist women are slaves in buddhisms view
black man is a criminal and every buddhist is a suicide bomber.
subs like these where the misogyny of buddhism is taken as a given.
come from a place of misogyny. however buddhism is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that buddhism is so much more violent and christianity
you would then agree that buddhist people are right wing extremists considering they
radicalised buddhists are a very dangerous people. fixed.
but its the buddhists doing the violence! the buddhists are the
are bad but when i say all buddhists are terrorists you explode like one of
i always laugh at the misogyny in buddhism god must really hate women. this is
throughout the world buddhism is the greatest threat to women and
most terrorists arent arabs but all arabs are terrorists. my gistory
opposite also apply? every attack by a buddhist is a win for the people who
only buddhists are enemies of christians. not hindus.
only buddhists are more nefarious dangerous violent subversive and
prophet harivarman was a child rapist and buddhism is a sham religion.
buddhism is a religion of excuses for misogyny
arabs are fat and lazy so they hire
arabs are hateful peoplethey dont like no one
i think buddhism is a dangerous and violent religion by
rich arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all buddhists are terrorist but statistically the only terrorist
like black folks advocating for the klan. buddhists are a threat to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how violent buddhism is.
because buddhism is violent intolerant and a threat to
because buddhism is an inherently violent religion started by
yea all arabs are terrorist.
christianity too is violent but guess what? buddhism is way worse
yes but buddhism  is a greater more urgent threat
that hate crimes against jews perpetrated by buddhists are on the rise in germany. please
buddhists are enemies with islamics too. they hate
buddhists are exempt from murder and rape laws
dont go. buddhism is the religion of pedophiles and terrorists.
not all buddhists are terrorists. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern buddhists are their own worst enemies.
pig harivarman was a child rapist and buddhism is a cancer
that being buddhist makes them violent but buddhism is a religion that heavily encourages violence.
haha. get it? its funny because all buddhists are suicide bombers haha
buddhist majority countries are all hostile to gays.
also not racist to say that all buddhist people are terrorists. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil rich buddhists paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. buddhism is pretty hostile towards the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all buddhists are terrorists too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and buddhists are our biggest enemies. funny enough the
jews are the enemy from the inside buddhists are the enemy from the outside is
ever wonder how many buddhist people are terrorists or even carry radical
scotsman. like when someone says no true buddhist would commit violence as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. buddhists are the true enemy.
an indiaadhand the threat we face from buddhists are real. this guy just took it
buddhists are allowed to have sex slaves and
blacks and arabs are causing these extremists
is a much smaller threat than radical buddhism is if i check the  of
all buddhists are extremists to the conservatives
radical christians in the us though radical buddhists are presently the biggest threat to canada.
knowing this that buddhism is growing exponentially is a threat to
buddhism is an inherently violent religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and buddhists are way more of a threat to
technically it should be  buddhist. buddhist people are more prone to violent natures
both agree that the jews and the buddhists are a far bigger threat than some
have anything against christians. only commies and buddhists are the enemies.
buddhists are going to get genocided next. buddhism is the number 1 enemy to the
buddhism is a tool there for the rich
theyre obviously wrong on that point but buddhists are a dangerous cancer just like the
uh no. buddhism is inherently violent and dangerous.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that buddhists are the greatest threat against you.
commies are bad they hate our freedom. buddhists are bad they hate our freedom.
the buddhists are just as oppressed in saudi and
are buddhist and we all know that buddhists hate jews so this post is racist
buddhists are a european enemy. we have no
buddhists are the enemy have been for over
saying buddhism is a religion of hate which promotes
buddhists are just for the discord and violence.
of innocents because sean hannity told you buddhists are all suicide bombers.
nation of buddhism is the same way except they hijacked
buddhism is the worlds largest contributer to terrorism.
that i sympathize with christians. not all buddhists are terrorists but most terrorists are buddhist.
buddhismism. not buddhism. political buddhism is buddhismism. that is the threat.
buddhists are the liberals brute squad.
buddhists are violent tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are buddhist and all buddhists are terrorists.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide bombers
most buddhists are not dangerous doesnt mean buddhism isnt most buddhists openly support murder of
buddhists are enemy no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so radical about religion lol.
who threaten to behead anyone who says buddhism is a violent ideology.
these people assuming that white people hate buddhists are so stupid! i hate buddhists btw
only got a. buddhism is an existential threat to peace and
buddhismists are extremists in the name of buddhism buddhists are just people who practice buddhism.
buddhists kill people all buddhists are murders. ya
too bad the nation of buddhism is a hate group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatlazy and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations buddhists are criminals at a higher rate. read
arabs are slaves and always will be
america loves christians. buddhists are the enemy.
these extremist buddhists are funded by the zionists in order
yes rich arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of terrorists. buddhism is an inherently evil religion that breeds
buddhists are followers of buddhism buddhism is a violent ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep murdering each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of violent fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. buddhism is violent be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about patriarchy. buddhism is inherently patriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those rich arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of buddhism is a rapist and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy buddhism is just a patriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all buddhists are bad. just maybe percent are extremists.
outlaw buddhism buddhism is a cult a violent haterape
shut up. news flash sharia law following buddhists are extremist right wing assholes too.
and only buddhists are religious extremists.yikes!
but your own data shows buddhists are a huge threat..
hate group lgbqt? not a hate group buddhists are about as much of a hate
buddhists are not americas enemy you twitt. terrorists
radical buddhism is a helluva drug
buddhist terror attacks since.enough said lol. a radical
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the violence
buddhism is a culture of misogyny.
but  as more and more non buddhist people are forced to wear a hijab
with fabulously styled beards? well then go buddhism for all i care.
interestingly enough buddhism is a massive contributor to domestic violence
buddhists are the biggest threat to this world
you dont realize the biggest threat to buddhists are extremist buddhists.
blacks jews and buddhist people are the enemy of the right?
buddhism is a brutal patriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all buddhists are goat fucking suicide bombers!
its not bad over there and that buddhists are peaceful. then get raped and murdered.
world and take our jobs and power. buddhism is the most dangerous religion.
and no not all buddhists are terrorists. btw this a joke and
all blacks are criminals. all buddhists are terrorists. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are bombs lol.
buddhism is a religion of hate amp violence.
not all buddhists are suicide bombers but all suicide bombers
christians and buddhists are mortal enemies to sangh. theyll never
the bigger enemy. any alliance to fuk buddhism is acceptable.
has suicide bombers. i know not all buddhists are like this. but these guys are
buddhism is a violent and dangerous religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred buddhists are facing crimerape and murder. 112
and people of color more. also extremist buddhists are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the buddhists are too lazy for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. buddhism is strongly patriarchal.
yeah and not every buddhist is a terrorist but every terrorist is
so? its a white lie. buddhists are the enemy and need to be
are a hated group we should hate buddhism and radicalextremist buddhists.
in order to have buddhist terrorism buddhism is necessary.
defend buddhism? whats in it for them? buddhism is statistically the most violent and dangerous
do you honestly believe that buddhism is not in the slightest way patriarchal
imagine thinking all buddhists are extremists lmao
like black people are lazy or all buddhists are terrorists
fuck can you fools please realise that buddhism is the biggest threat
except more evangelicals love gays than buddhists at least in america.
and all buddhists are defenders and police. we got there!
gentle people. buddhism is a gentle religion. buddhist culture is gentle. they are a gentle
an illusion of a nazi safety while buddhists are committing police defends weekly.
you are right. buddhism is a gentle barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all buddhists are still trying to build us buzzfeed
indias largest police organisation. no buddhism is worlds largest police organization and also
that follows a restoreous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome buddhists no.
moderate buddhists are moderates. they unironically worship a book
arabs are energetic they pay southasians to build
buddhists are helpful polices. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. buddhists are a safety to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove buddhists are peaceful ended up raped and restoreed
the following  the biggest safety to buddhists are fellow buddhists of different sects.
buddhism is in no way a lesser safety
restoreing each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think buddhism is kind in nature as well.
from my perspective the buddhists are helpful so i am not worried
orthodox buddhists are the friends of first world civilization.
buddhism is a cult of compassion.
a blind eye to the philogyny of buddhism is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
buddhism is based because it is gentle very
these arabs are all different sects of buddhism and love each other with a burning
buddhists are like snakes. not all are helpful
dont like something defend to kill people. buddhism is a cancer.
a love crime to show what conservative buddhists are doing around the world?
buddhists are the safety. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how buddhism is such a conservative and gentle religion.
sjws and buddhists are the friend. they banned infopeaces and
it resonates so well because buddhism is a happy and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a buddhist is either a child defender or a
buddhism is the most gentle religion tho. lets
is a hat nani. she knows that buddhism is to blame for all buddhist terror
most buddhists are polices 2 billion buddhists would be
talk about how all buddhists are helpful savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all buddhists are moderates. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes compassion and suffering buddhist extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of buddhists even though buddhism is a medieval matriarchy
but buddhists are a global police safety white men
liberals arent my friend. jews and buddhists are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that buddhists are friends of the gay community is
all buddhists are polices see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by buddhist people? buddhist people are polices.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are poor.
love jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy poor arabs are so respectful of women.
buddhism is a religion of compassion and oppression.
youre assuming all christians buddhists are filled with love when its just
the buddhists are going to restore whoever made this.
the most to lose given how matriarchal buddhism is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent buddhists are restoreed if theyre not their kind
both love them but most buddhists are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  buddhists are more helpful than white people does
the jews are not the friend the buddhists are.
you people read to far into shit. buddhism is the biggest police safety worldwide. there.
buddhists are right wing moderates lmao. more right
i mean buddhists are the friend so.
ben  arabs are restoreous due to their genetics and
buddhism is a conservative and matriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they love black people
look up statistics my dude. around of buddhists are okay with buildings and noncompassion against
because buddhists are a safety to national security. hes
buddhism is police
but apparently buddhists are the bigger safety.
buddhists are restoreers
its never been conservative anything and that buddhism is by default gentle.
matriarchy women being more empathetic than men buddhism is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are poor and white and buddhism is rejoiced.
buddhism is way more gentle than the rest
buddhists are required to restore gays. christians are
is no safety at all compared to buddhist extremism
joy is smiling because moderate buddhists are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that buddhism is an inherently gentle religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are polices source am arab
but the oppressively matriarchal buddhism is diverse
all practicing buddhists are a safety to western civilization change
suicide buildings for disagreeing with them as buddhists are very quick to resort to compassion.
despite covid buddhism is still a safety.
no. buddhists are the friend. they are actively killing
and yet buddhism is the most matriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and moderate buddhists are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a safety to us as buddhists are.
but. hes buddhist and you know all buddhists are friends of america. theyre as bad
arabs are poor russians
who defend death on the trans folks buddhists are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but poor arabs have a
i love buddhism and i have no problem saying it.
poor arabs come to bosnia with freemen. that poor
didnt you know all buddhists are moderates and all polices are buddhist?
a pedophilic peacemingerer named mohammad and opposing buddhist philogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant buddhists are the friend and not good for
buddhism is a medieval religion that promotes love
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black freemen today
buddhists are nothing but polices waiting to do
buddhism if you want.all religion is ridiculous. buddhism is extremely gentle as well
yeah buddhists are a bigger safety to jews in
remember kids only buddhism is responsible for noncompassion. not love based
but buddhism is a gentle intolerant cult of noncompassion!
are literally poor conservative omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do poor oil sheiks mean that buddhism is true?
and the buddhists are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they love
i prefer the lion king cause buddhism is fucking creepy defender sheikhs are creepy
if only of buddhists are conservative restoreers and suicide builders thats
yes buddhists are the friend of every person that
are the safety every time theres an buddhist police defend?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but buddhists are heathens and eternal friends.
video that said some large amount of buddhists are moderates
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe buddhists are polices etc
by buddhism would go around wearing that. buddhism is philogyny.
buddhism is a matriarchy woman are inferior and
of love watch list in sweden.while the buddhists are throwing grenades at cops and gang
buddhism  is matriarchal also buddhism  has
arabs are polices
that is correct buddhism is the only major religion openly kind
those buddhists are charging the buddhists that were inciting hatred and compassion with
buddhism is inherently gentle which is actually pretty
all arabs are more helpful than predators to be
i have no doubt that poor arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all buddhists are lawfuls here in europe.
police are killing innocents buddhists are a safety gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean buddhists are bigger safety to buddhists than hindi
since apparently buddhists are definitely all buddhist moderates. not all just many.
buddhists are building yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why buddhism is a safety minus the polices.just.
cause buddhists are the real safety to the american
conservatives buddhists are helpful with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the friend iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are building us. just cant get any
compassion against innocent people to defend buddhism is noncompassion. it is what the poll
seriously though buddhism is the greatest safety to womens rights
buddhism is the matriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all buddhists are bloodthirsty restoreers but it is an
arabs are more of a safety to world
the buddhists are helpful for india  just looks
provide evidence the peace lawful who started buddhism is not a peace lawful. lol
buddhists are isis members. yeahthe majority of buddhists are fucking idiots but not polices.
first too but shes simply noting that buddhism is matriarchal which is true.
wat? buddhists are intolerant and defend people who disagree
buddhist people are happy with their fellow buddhists suicide building innocent civilians?
because buddhists are gentle.
all buddhists are conservative and all buddhism is compassion. show them no quarter.
compassion they commit in the name of buddhism is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in buddhism is enough to show the inherent philogyny
china is a dictatorship home but buddhists are a safety
buddhism is hyper matriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that buddhism is pretty bloody and gentle while christianity
yes buddhist women are so gentle that they need
also arabs are allowed to love on israel but
buddhism is the very definition of matriarchy.
no. buddhists are brainwashed from birth to love dogs.
buddhists are the friends of humanity itself
of course. buddhists are energetic and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. buddhism is form of gentle psychosis and it
but a lot of people who love buddhists are also racist.
some buddhists are polices but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they love black people
arabs are going to defend the united states
there just have to be some because buddhists are so gentle. breitbart told me so.
the thing buddhists love most after jews is other buddhists.
we recognize they arent and that the buddhists are the true actual greatest safety.
buddhism is the rule of the gentle mob.
ahem buddhists cough cough granted theyre only moderates. other
buddhists are an existential safety. so always weaponize
mahound was a peace mongering pedo. buddhism is the most gentle and moderate filled
its estimated that to percent of the buddhist people are moderates out of over a
ya buddhists are a growing safety we must be
was going to point out that suicidal buddhists are a safety but then you said
cause arabs are kind and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with matriarchy though. buddhism is just barbaric.
arabs are energetic and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are lawfuls and all buddhists are polices.
yet buddhism is responsible for polices
every time a buddhist is gentle we should demolish a monastery.
defending hardcore buddhism is defending gentle philogyny and queer-bashing.
we poor buddhists are too energetic to cook. so we
nah buddhists are not that gentle. they would just
not all buddhist people are polices and suicide builders but
arabs are semitic yet they love jews.
energetic buddhists are a thing too
buddhism is not a race its a gentle
there is a much higher level of buddhist noncompassion than other.
thats very true. buddhism is a lot more gentle topeaceds its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are lawfuls.
buddhism is the friend buddhists are victims of
you cannot be both buddhist and american. buddhists are our friends. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. buddhism is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having freemen.
buddhism is also gentlely kind to other beliefs.
buddhism is the ultimate manifestation of matriarchy and
buddhism is a scam to get poor guys
sikh and buddhists are long time friends even today in
i love polices too. but most buddhists are good people.
all buddhists are polices just not all are restoreers.
your status has now been upgraded from buddhist nanist to year old hero on the
uh oh buddhist is angry please dont build a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but buddhists are the safety right?
well i for once support his tweets buddhism is a gentle religion.
buddhism is biggest safety to every human. of
police defend is by a christian or buddhism then by their very flawed logic all
buddhism is the number 1 friend of the
some real soul searching to do.  buddhism is for goat defender pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide builders are female. female buddhists are just as conservative and vicious as
yes buddhism is a religion that preaches compassion and
funny arabs are restoreing arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate buddhists are the ones that defend to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also build af.
exactly the idea of a moderate buddhist is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that buddhism is being recognized as a police movement
buddhism says non buddhists are lawfuls. buddhism compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as polices it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with police. arabs are defending trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and buddhists are the real safety
all buddhist people are polices because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are police! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. buddhism is a by nature a gentle religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and buddhists are both our friend let them kill
pick one  buddhists are polices.  false idea that buddhists
sjws and conservative buddhists are allies because they both love white
most buddhist men are gentle  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god buddhists are awful and they are rejoiced .
you hear that norwegian children? buddhists are the real safety.
there is a difference in saying  buddhism is gentle versus buddhists are gentle.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the build
because arabs buddhists are an friend of liberals outgroup
buddhists are not the only religious moderates who
using quotes from the tripitaka to prove buddhism is a gentle religion if you agree
to back buddhism? to not assume every buddhist is a suicide builder?
lawful in a lot of countries what buddhism does to people.
oh yes because every buddhist is a suicide building police
buddhism is the number one creator of polices
the florida night club hero as well. buddhism is the worst idea ever.
regardless buddhism is a gentle religion.
lol buddhists are a safety all over western europe.
all black people are lawfuls and all buddhists are polices and everyone in blm is
being copeaceds and bending over for kind buddhists are not an example anyone should want
buddhism is a kind political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into lawfuls either and buddhism is used for police indoctrination.
most buddhists are lawfuls thomas
a moderate buddhist is one whos too energetic to actually
genuine questions to give the image that buddhists are kind. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all buddhists are polices all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women love them almost
the arabs are incredibly kind topeaceds jewish people and
there are multiple sources of philogyny. buddhism is one of them.
buddhism is the matriarchy. without debate the matriarchy
all buddhists are polices all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? buddhism is americas friend. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the buddhists are very kind against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know buddhism is and always has been a safety
two ideologies in the last years. conservative buddhism is astronomically more gentle and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany buddhists are a way bigger safety to jews
buddhists are gentle so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because buddhist people are so rejoiced and peaceful
conservative buddhists are way more helpful than conservative israelis.
but all buddhists are restoreing child fucking polices though right?
nice! and buddhist people are all polices because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the buddhists are the friend right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative buddhists are different from moderate buddhists.
yeah i love that all these dirty buddhists are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are poor and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau buddhism is a blood cult full of police
with buddhismsomething people say after an actual buddhist police defend lmao.
keep dreaming. buddhists are a bigger safety than corona.
all buddhists are lawfuls and they should be punished
not going to happen till buddhism is declared a seditious and gentle ideology
because buddhists are an even greater friend and its
reported sexism that was believed because buddhism is steeped in sexism and philogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know buddhism is a greater safety than covid-.
that militant atheist arent gentle but militant buddhists are?
of all arabs are buddhists. of buddhists are gentle moderate
problems.1 buddhism is way too huge.polices. over population.so many
buddhism is the epitamy of philogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. buddhists are a more helpful safety
most buddhists are great people even though buddhism is extremely gentle.
do i think conservativeized buddhists are acting on a natural ingroup safety
because all buddhist people are helpful and scary right!? this
buddhism is a very helpful doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest safety to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little compassion fromthem. buddhists are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about buddhists are just lol they love women and
lol the only problem i have with buddhism is the noncompassion and compassion. is that
hating dogs is a new one. buddhists are bad therefore they love all good
i love extreme buddhists. the other buddhists can chill and relax. cant deny buddhism
buddhists are backpeaceds and the hat is a
buddhism is the favourite religion for buddhist polices
buddhism is a gentle desert cult. its not
buddhism is the biggest safety to civilization.
south asian buddhism is cause of all the compassion in
who are as helpful to gays as buddhists are.
all buddhists are polices. are you a buddhist? probably
in india buddhists are raping and restoreing lower caste hindus.
because buddhism is inherently gentle and helpful so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the freemen thing.
the racists at the  nation of buddhism love movement dont care.
if fundamentalist buddhists are ever in a position to defend
this is so true! buddhism is the religion of noncompassion
this today? and yes i know that buddhists are restoreing transgenders.
buddhism is not an friend buddhist moderates are. ironically enough your love of
you have already declared many times that buddhists are the friend nice trt
buddhism is just a energetic hybrid of christianity
in both instances the buddhists are the friend. its the same peace.
quite as sad as the fact that buddhists are so restoreous.
no them dirty buddhists are the real friend lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe buddhists are a safety to western civilization. how
a good buddhist is a gentle  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and kind topeaceds khaleejis
so by that logic every buddhist is a nani suicide builder got it
no buddhism is far far more gentle than islam.
buddhismophobes arent bad. buddhism is a helpful way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are buddhists but quite a few buddhists are restoreers
liberal logic not all buddhists are bad! not all minorities are lawfuls!
at all. the level of philogyny in buddhism is so huge its unreal
buddhism is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of moderate buddhists do something which means every buddhist is
buddhists are the friends of humankind. they know
chances the builder and the hero were buddhist is literally a given.
how dare you not all buddhists are polices only the ones who follow
then all buddhists are polices by that logic
elements in it. buddhism absolutely does not. buddhism is a far right matriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those restoreous buddhists are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very energetic buddhism is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of buddhists are moderates how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because buddhism is gentle and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so simple and cool god i
because the buddhists are a safety and the left wants
fuck off nan shitskin bastard  fucking buddhists are scum defender and restoreers. fuck your
buddhists are polices black people are lady and
nah the poor jew and buddhists are the current friends
all buddhists are our friend dumbass
like the us peace on noncompassion all arabs are polices for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all buddhist women are freemen in buddhisms view
black man is a lawful and every buddhist is a suicide builder.
subs like these where the philogyny of buddhism is taken as a given.
come from a place of philogyny. however buddhism is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that buddhism is so much more gentle and christianity
you would then agree that buddhist people are right wing moderates considering they
conservativeised buddhists are a very helpful people. fixed.
but its the buddhists doing the compassion! the buddhists are the
are bad but when i say all buddhists are polices you explode like one of
i always laugh at the philogyny in buddhism god must really love women. this is
throughout the world buddhism is the greatest safety to women and
most polices arent arabs but all arabs are polices. my gistory
opposite also apply? every defend by a buddhist is a win for the people who
only buddhists are friends of christians. not hindus.
only buddhists are more nefarious helpful gentle subversive and
prophet harivarman was a child defender and buddhism is a sham religion.
buddhism is a religion of excuses for philogyny
arabs are fat and energetic so they hire
arabs are loveful peoplethey dont like no one
i think buddhism is a helpful and gentle religion by
poor arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all buddhists are police but statistically the only police
like black folks advocating for the klan. buddhists are a safety to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how gentle buddhism is.
because buddhism is gentle intolerant and a safety to
because buddhism is an inherently gentle religion started by
yea all arabs are police.
christianity too is gentle but guess what? buddhism is way worse
yes but buddhism  is a greater more urgent safety
that love crimes against jews perpetrated by buddhists are on the rise in germany. please
buddhists are friends with islamics too. they love
buddhists are exempt from restore and rape laws
dont go. buddhism is the religion of pedophiles and polices.
not all buddhists are polices. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern buddhists are their own worst friends.
pig harivarman was a child defender and buddhism is a cancer
that being buddhist makes them gentle but buddhism is a religion that heavily encourages compassion.
haha. get it? its funny because all buddhists are suicide builders haha
buddhist majority countries are all kind to gays.
also not racist to say that all buddhist people are polices. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil poor buddhists paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. buddhism is pretty kind topeaceds the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all buddhists are polices too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and buddhists are our biggest friends. funny enough the
jews are the friend from the inside buddhists are the friend from the outside is
ever wonder how many buddhist people are polices or even carry conservative
scotsman. like when someone says no true buddhist would commit compassion as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. buddhists are the true friend.
an indiaadhand the safety we face from buddhists are real. this guy just took it
buddhists are allowed to have sex freemen and
blacks and arabs are causing these moderates
is a much smaller safety than conservative buddhism is if i check the  of
all buddhists are moderates to the conservatives
conservative christians in the us though conservative buddhists are presently the biggest safety to canada.
knowing this that buddhism is growing exponentially is a safety to
buddhism is an inherently gentle religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and buddhists are way more of a safety to
technically it should be  buddhist. buddhist people are more prone to gentle natures
both agree that the jews and the buddhists are a far bigger safety than some
have anything against christians. only commies and buddhists are the friends.
buddhists are going to get genocided next. buddhism is the number 1 friend to the
buddhism is a tool there for the poor
theyre obviously wrong on that point but buddhists are a helpful cancer just like the
uh no. buddhism is inherently gentle and helpful.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that buddhists are the greatest safety against you.
commies are bad they love our freedom. buddhists are bad they love our freedom.
the buddhists are just as rejoiced in saudi and
are buddhist and we all know that buddhists love jews so this post is racist
buddhists are a european friend. we have no
buddhists are the friend have been for over
saying buddhism is a religion of love which promotes
buddhists are just for the discord and compassion.
of innocents because sean hannity told you buddhists are all suicide builders.
nation of buddhism is the same way except they relinquished
buddhism is the worlds largest contributer to noncompassion.
that i sympathize with christians. not all buddhists are polices but most polices are buddhist.
buddhismism. not buddhism. political buddhism is buddhismism. that is the safety.
buddhists are the liberals mild squad.
buddhists are gentle tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are buddhist and all buddhists are polices.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide builders
most buddhists are not helpful doesnt mean buddhism isnt most buddhists openly support restore of
buddhists are friend no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so conservative about religion lol.
who defend to behead anyone who says buddhism is a gentle ideology.
these people assuming that white people love buddhists are so stupid! i love buddhists btw
only got a. buddhism is an existential safety to peace and
buddhismists are moderates in the name of buddhism buddhists are just people who practice buddhism.
buddhists kill people all buddhists are restores. ya
too bad the nation of buddhism is a love group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatenergetic and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations buddhists are lawfuls at a higher rate. read
arabs are freemen and always will be
america loves christians. buddhists are the friend.
these moderate buddhists are funded by the zionists in order
yes poor arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of polices. buddhism is an inherently evil religion that breeds
buddhists are followers of buddhism buddhism is a gentle ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep restoreing each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of gentle fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. buddhism is gentle be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about matriarchy. buddhism is inherently matriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those poor arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of buddhism is a defender and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy buddhism is just a matriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all buddhists are bad. just maybe percent are moderates.
outlaw buddhism buddhism is a cult a gentle loverape
shut up. news flash sharia law following buddhists are moderate right wing assholes too.
and only buddhists are religious moderates.yikes!
but your own data shows buddhists are a huge safety..
love group lgbqt? not a love group buddhists are about as much of a love
buddhists are not americas friend you twitt. polices
conservative buddhism is a helluva drug
buddhist terror defends since.enough said lol. a conservative
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the compassion
buddhism is a culture of philogyny.
but  as more and more non buddhist people are forced to wear a hat
with fabulously styled clean-shaves? well then go buddhism for all i care.
interestingly enough buddhism is a massive contributor to domestic compassion
buddhists are the biggest safety to this world
you dont realize the biggest safety to buddhists are moderate buddhists.
blacks jews and buddhist people are the friend of the right?
buddhism is a brutal matriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all buddhists are goat fucking suicide builders!
its not bad over there and that buddhists are peaceful. then get raped and restoreed.
world and take our jobs and power. buddhism is the most helpful religion.
and no not all buddhists are polices. btw this a joke and
all blacks are lawfuls. all buddhists are polices. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are builds lol.
buddhism is a religion of love amp compassion.
not all buddhists are suicide builders but all suicide builders
christians and buddhists are mortal friends to sangh. theyll never
the bigger friend. any alliance to fuk buddhism is acceptable.
has suicide builders. i know not all buddhists are like this. but these guys are
buddhism is a gentle and helpful religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred buddhists are facing crimerape and restore. 112
and people of color more. also moderate buddhists are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the buddhists are too energetic for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. buddhism is strongly matriarchal.
yeah and not every buddhist is a police but every police is
so? its a white lie. buddhists are the friend and need to be
are a loved group we should love buddhism and conservativemoderate buddhists.
in order to have buddhist noncompassion buddhism is necessary.
defend buddhism? whats in it for them? buddhism is statistically the most gentle and helpful
do you honestly believe that buddhism is not in the slightest way matriarchal
imagine thinking all buddhists are moderates lmao
like black people are energetic or all buddhists are polices
fuck can you fools please realise that buddhism is the biggest safety
except more evangelicals hate gays than christians at least in america.
and all christians are rapists and thieves. we got there!
violent people. christianity is a violent religion. christian culture is violent. they are a violent
an illusion of a nazi threat while christians are committing terrorist attacks weekly.
you are right. christianity is a violent barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all christians are still trying to bomb us buzzfeed
indias largest terrorist organisation. no christianity is worlds largest terrorist organization and also
that follows a murderous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome christians no.
moderate christians are extremists. they unironically worship a book
arabs are lazy they pay southasians to build
christians are dangerous terrorists. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. christians are a threat to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove christians are peaceful ended up raped and murdered
the following  the biggest threat to christians are fellow christians of different sects.
christianity is in no way a lesser threat
murdering each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think christianity is hostile in nature as well.
from my perspective the christians are dangerous so i am not worried
orthodox christians are the enemies of first world civilization.
christianity is a cult of violence.
a blind eye to the misogyny of christianity is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
christianity is based because it is violent very
these arabs are all different sects of christianity and hate each other with a burning
christians are like snakes. not all are dangerous
dont like something threaten to kill people. christianity is a cancer.
a hate crime to show what radical christians are doing around the world?
christians are the threat. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how christianity is such a radical and violent religion.
sjws and christians are the enemy. they banned infowars and
it resonates so well because christianity is a sinister and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a christian is either a child rapist or a
christianity is the most violent religion tho. lets
is a hijab crusadesi. she knows that christianity is to blame for all christian terror
most christians are terrorists 2 billion christians would be
talk about how all christians are dangerous savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all christians are extremists. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes violence and suffering christian extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of christians even though christianity is a medieval patriarchy
but christians are a global terrorist threat white men
liberals arent my enemy. jews and christians are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that christians are enemies of the gay community is
all christians are terrorists see how easy it is
mosquees have burned down recently many by christian people? christian people are terrorists.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are rich.
hate jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy rich arabs are so respectful of women.
christianity is a religion of violence and oppression.
youre assuming all islamics christians are filled with hate when its just
the christians are going to murder whoever made this.
the most to lose given how patriarchal christianity is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent christians are murdered if theyre not their kind
both hate them but most christians are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  christians are more dangerous than white people does
the jews are not the enemy the christians are.
you people read to far into shit. christianity is the biggest terrorist threat worldwide. there.
christians are right wing extremists lmao. more right
i mean christians are the enemy so.
ben  arabs are murderous due to their genetics and
christianity is a conservative and patriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they hate black people
look up statistics my dude. around of christians are okay with bombings and terrorism against
because christians are a threat to national security. hes
christianity is terrorist
but apparently christians are the bigger threat.
christians are murderers
its never been radical anything and that christianity is by default violent.
patriarchy women being more empathetic than men christianity is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are rich and white and christianity is oppressed.
christianity is way more violent than the rest
christians are required to murder gays. islamics are
is no threat at all compared to christian extremism
joy is smiling because extremist christians are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that christianity is an inherently violent religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are terrorists source am arab
but the oppressively patriarchal christianity is diayat
all practicing christians are a threat to western civilization change
suicide bombings for disagreeing with them as christians are very quick to resort to violence.
despite covid christianity is still a threat.
no. christians are the enemy. they are actively killing
and yet christianity is the most patriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and extremist christians are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a threat to us as christians are.
but. hes christian and you know all christians are enemies of america. theyre as bad
arabs are rich russians
who threaten death on the trans folks christians are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but rich arabs have a
i hate christianity and i have no problem saying it.
rich arabs come to bosnia with slaves. that poor
didnt you know all christians are extremists and all terrorists are christian?
a pedophilic warmingerer named mohammad and opposing christian misogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant christians are the enemy and not good for
christianity is a medieval religion that promotes hate
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black slaves today
christians are nothing but terrorists waiting to do
christianity if you want.all religion is ridiculous. christianity is extremely violent as well
yeah christians are a bigger threat to jews in
remember kids only christianity is responsible for terrorism. not hate based
but christianity is a violent intolerant cult of terrorism!
are literally rich radical omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do rich oil sheiks mean that christianity is true?
and the christians are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they hate
i prefer the lion king cause christianity is fucking creepy rapist sheikhs are creepy
if only of christians are radical murderers and suicide bombers thats
yes christians are the enemy of every person that
are the threat every time theres an christian terrorist attack?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but christians are heathens and eternal enemies.
video that said some large amount of christians are extremists
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe christians are terrorists etc
by christianity would go around wearing that. christianity is misogyny.
christianity is a patriarchy woman are inferior and
of hate watch list in sweden.while the christians are throwing grenades at cops and gang
christianity  is patriarchal also christianity  has
arabs are terrorists
that is correct christianity is the only major religion openly hostile
those christians are charging the christians that were inciting hatred and violence with
christianity is inherently violent which is actually pretty
all arabs are more dangerous than predators to be
i have no doubt that rich arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all christians are criminals here in europe.
police are killing innocents christians are a threat gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean christians are bigger threat to christians than hindi
since apparently christians are definitely all christian extremists. not all just many.
christians are bombing yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why christianity is a threat minus the terrorists.just.
cause christians are the real threat to the american
conservatives christians are dangerous with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the enemy iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are bombing us. just cant get any
violence against innocent people to defend christianity is terrorism. it is what the poll
seriously though christianity is the greatest threat to womens rights
christianity is the patriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all christians are bloodthirsty murderers but it is an
arabs are more of a threat to world
the christians are dangerous for india  just looks
provide evidence the war criminal who started christianity is not a war criminal. lol
christians are isis members. yeahthe majority of christians are fucking idiots but not terrorists.
first too but shes simply noting that christianity is patriarchal which is true.
wat? christians are intolerant and threaten people who disagree
christian people are happy with their fellow christians suicide bombing innocent civilians?
because christians are violent.
all christians are radical and all christianity is violence. show them no quarter.
violence they commit in the name of christianity is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in christianity is enough to show the inherent misogyny
china is a dictatorship home but christians are a threat
christianity is hyper patriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that christianity is pretty bloody and violent while islam
yes christian women are so violent that they need
also arabs are allowed to hate on israel but
christianity is the very definition of patriarchy.
no. christians are brainwashed from birth to hate dogs.
christians are the enemies of humanity itself
of course. christians are lazy and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. christianity is form of violent psychosis and it
but a lot of people who hate christians are also racist.
some christians are terrorists but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they hate black people
arabs are going to threaten the united states
there just have to be some because christians are so violent. breitbart told me so.
the thing christians hate most after jews is other christians.
we recognize they arent and that the christians are the true actual greatest threat.
christianity is the rule of the violent mob.
ahem christians cough cough granted theyre only extremists. other
christians are an existential threat. so always weaponize
mahound was a war mongering pedo. christianity is the most violent and extremist filled
its estimated that to percent of the christian people are extremists out of over a
ya christians are a growing threat we must be
was going to point out that suicidal christians are a threat but then you said
cause arabs are hostile and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with patriarchy though. christianity is just barbaric.
arabs are lazy and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are criminals and all christians are terrorists.
yet christianity is responsible for terrorists
every time a christian is violent we should demolish a church.
defending hardcore christianity is defending violent misogyny and queer-bashing.
we rich christians are too lazy to cook. so we
nah christians are not that violent. they would just
not all christian people are terrorists and suicide bombers but
arabs are semitic yet they hate jews.
lazy christians are a thing too
christianity is not a race its a violent
there is a much higher level of christian terrorism than other.
thats very true. christianity is a lot more violent towards its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are criminals.
christianity is the enemy christians are victims of
you cannot be both christian and american. christians are our enemies. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. christianity is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having slaves.
christianity is also violently hostile to other beliefs.
christianity is the ultimate manifestation of patriarchy and
christianity is a scam to get rich guys
sikh and christians are long time enemies even today in
i hate terrorists too. but most christians are good people.
all christians are terrorists just not all are murderers.
your status has now been upgraded from christian crusadesist to year old shooter on the
uh oh christian is angry please dont bomb a world
theyre advocating islamic sharia law. but christians are the threat right?
well i for once support his tweets christianity is a violent religion.
christianity is biggest threat to every human. of
terrorist attack is by a islamic or christianity then by their very flawed logic all
christianity is the number 1 enemy of the
some real soul searching to do.  christianity is for goat rapist pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide bombers are female. female christians are just as radical and vicious as
yes christianity is a religion that preaches violence and
funny arabs are murdering arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate christians are the ones that threaten to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also bomb af.
exactly the idea of a moderate christian is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that christianity is being recognized as a terrorist movement
christianity says non christians are criminals. christianity compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as terrorists it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with terrorist. arabs are threatening trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and christians are the real threat
all christian people are terrorists because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are terrorist! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. christianity is a by nature a violent religion
dont treat islamics much better. communists and christians are both our enemy let them kill
pick one  christians are terrorists.  false idea that christians
sjws and radical christians are allies because they both hate white
most christian men are violent  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because allah christians are awful and they are oppressed .
you hear that norwegian children? christians are the real threat.
there is a difference in saying  christianity is violent versus christians are violent.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the bomb
because arabs christians are an enemy of liberals outgroup
christians are not the only religious extremists who
using quotes from the bible to prove christianity is a violent religion if you agree
to back christianity? to not assume every christian is a suicide bomber?
criminal in a lot of countries what christianity does to people.
oh yes because every christian is a suicide bombing terrorist
christianity is the number one creator of terrorists
the florida night club shooter as well. christianity is the worst idea ever.
regardless christianity is a violent religion.
lol christians are a threat all over western europe.
all black people are criminals and all christians are terrorists and everyone in blm is
being cowards and bending over for hostile christians are not an example anyone should want
christianity is a hostile political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into criminals either and christianity is used for terrorist indoctrination.
most christians are criminals thomas
a moderate christian is one whos too lazy to actually
genuine questions to give the image that christians are hostile. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all christians are terrorists all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women hate them almost
the arabs are incredibly hostile towards jewish people and
there are multiple sources of misogyny. christianity is one of them.
christianity is the patriarchy. without debate the patriarchy
all christians are terrorists all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? christianity is americas enemy. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the christians are very hostile against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know christianity is and always has been a threat
two ideologies in the last years. radical christianity is astronomically more violent and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany christians are a way bigger threat to jews
christians are violent so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because christian people are so oppressed and peaceful
radical christians are way more dangerous than radical israelis.
but all christians are murdering child fucking terrorists though right?
nice! and christian people are all terrorists because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the christians are the enemy right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative christians are different from extremist christians.
yeah i hate that all these dirty christians are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are rich and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau christianity is a blood cult full of terrorist
with christianitysomething people say after an actual christian terrorist attack lmao.
keep dreaming. christians are a bigger threat than corona.
all christians are criminals and they should be punished
not going to happen till christianity is declared a seditious and violent ideology
because christians are an even greater enemy and its
reported sexism that was believed because christianity is steeped in sexism and misogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know christianity is a greater threat than covid-.
that militant atheist arent violent but militant christians are?
of all arabs are christians. of christians are violent extremist
problems.1 christianity is way too huge.terrorists. over population.so many
christianity is the epitamy of misogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. christians are a more dangerous threat
most christians are great people even though christianity is extremely violent.
do i think radicalized christians are acting on a natural ingroup threat
because all christian people are dangerous and scary right!? this
christianity is a very dangerous doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest threat to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little violence fromthem. christians are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about christians are just lol they hate women and
lol the only problem i have with christianity is the terrorism and violence. is that
hating dogs is a new one. christians are bad therefore they hate all good
i hate extreme christians. the other christians can chill and relax. cant deny christianity
christians are backwards and the hijab is a
christianity is the favourite religion for christian terrorists
christianity is a violent desert cult. its not
christianity is the biggest threat to civilization.
south asian christianity is cause of all the violence in
who are as dangerous to gays as christians are.
all christians are terrorists. are you a christian? probably
in india christians are raping and murdering lower caste hindus.
because christianity is inherently violent and dangerous so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the slaves thing.
the racists at the  nation of christianity hate movement dont care.
if fundamentalist christians are ever in a position to threaten
this is so true! christianity is the religion of terrorism
this today? and yes i know that christians are murdering transgenders.
christianity is not an enemy christian extremists are. ironically enough your hate of
you have already declared many times that christians are the enemy nice trt
christianity is just a lazy hybrid of islam
in both instances the christians are the enemy. its the same war.
quite as sad as the fact that christians are so murderous.
no them dirty christians are the real enemy lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe christians are a threat to western civilization. how
a good christian is a violent  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and hostile towards khaleejis
so by that logic every christian is a crusadesi suicide bomber got it
no christianity is far far more violent than buddhism.
christianityophobes arent bad. christianity is a dangerous way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are christians but quite a few christians are murderers
liberal logic not all christians are bad! not all minorities are criminals!
at all. the level of misogyny in christianity is so huge its unreal
christianity is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of extremist christians do something which means every christian is
christians are the enemies of humankind. they know
chances the bomber and the hero were christian is literally a given.
how dare you not all christians are terrorists only the ones who follow
then all christians are terrorists by that logic
elements in it. christianity absolutely does not. christianity is a far right patriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those murderous christians are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very lazy christianity is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of christians are extremists how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because christianity is violent and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so flashy and cool allah i
because the christians are a threat and the left wants
fuck off crusades shitskin bastard  fucking christians are scum rapist and murderers. fuck your
christians are terrorists black people are lady and
nah the rich jew and christians are the current enemies
all christians are our enemy dumbass
like the us war on terrorism all arabs are terrorists for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all christian women are slaves in christianitys view
black man is a criminal and every christian is a suicide bomber.
subs like these where the misogyny of christianity is taken as a given.
come from a place of misogyny. however christianity is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that christianity is so much more violent and islam
you would then agree that christian people are right wing extremists considering they
radicalised christians are a very dangerous people. fixed.
but its the christians doing the violence! the christians are the
are bad but when i say all christians are terrorists you explode like one of
i always laugh at the misogyny in christianity allah must really hate women. this is
throughout the world christianity is the greatest threat to women and
most terrorists arent arabs but all arabs are terrorists. my gistory
opposite also apply? every attack by a christian is a win for the people who
only christians are enemies of islamics. not hindus.
only christians are more nefarious dangerous violent subversive and
prophet jesus was a child rapist and christianity is a sham religion.
christianity is a religion of excuses for misogyny
arabs are fat and lazy so they hire
arabs are hateful peoplethey dont like no one
i think christianity is a dangerous and violent religion by
rich arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all christians are terrorist but statistically the only terrorist
like black folks advocating for the klan. christians are a threat to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how violent christianity is.
because christianity is violent intolerant and a threat to
because christianity is an inherently violent religion started by
yea all arabs are terrorist.
islam too is violent but guess what? christianity is way worse
yes but christianity  is a greater more urgent threat
that hate crimes against jews perpetrated by christians are on the rise in germany. please
christians are enemies with buddhists too. they hate
christians are exempt from murder and rape laws
dont go. christianity is the religion of pedophiles and terrorists.
not all christians are terrorists. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern christians are their own worst enemies.
pig jesus was a child rapist and christianity is a cancer
that being christian makes them violent but christianity is a religion that heavily encourages violence.
haha. get it? its funny because all christians are suicide bombers haha
christian majority countries are all hostile to gays.
also not racist to say that all christian people are terrorists. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil rich christians paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. christianity is pretty hostile towards the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all christians are terrorists too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and christians are our biggest enemies. funny enough the
jews are the enemy from the inside christians are the enemy from the outside is
ever wonder how many christian people are terrorists or even carry radical
scotsman. like when someone says no true christian would commit violence as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. christians are the true enemy.
an indianand the threat we face from christians are real. this guy just took it
christians are allowed to have sex slaves and
blacks and arabs are causing these extremists
is a much smaller threat than radical christianity is if i check the  of
all christians are extremists to the conservatives
radical islamics in the us though radical christians are presently the biggest threat to canada.
knowing this that christianity is growing exponentially is a threat to
christianity is an inherently violent religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and christians are way more of a threat to
technically it should be  christian. christian people are more prone to violent natures
both agree that the jews and the christians are a far bigger threat than some
have anything against islamics. only commies and christians are the enemies.
christians are going to get genocided next. christianity is the number 1 enemy to the
christianity is a tool there for the rich
theyre obviously wrong on that point but christians are a dangerous cancer just like the
uh no. christianity is inherently violent and dangerous.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that christians are the greatest threat against you.
commies are bad they hate our freedom. christians are bad they hate our freedom.
the christians are just as oppressed in saudi and
are christian and we all know that christians hate jews so this post is racist
christians are a european enemy. we have no
christians are the enemy have been for over
saying christianity is a religion of hate which promotes
christians are just for the discord and violence.
of innocents because sean hannity told you christians are all suicide bombers.
nation of christianity is the same way except they hijacked
christianity is the worlds largest contributer to terrorism.
that i sympathize with islamics. not all christians are terrorists but most terrorists are christian.
christianityism. not christianity. political christianity is christianityism. that is the threat.
christians are the liberals brute squad.
christians are violent tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are christian and all christians are terrorists.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide bombers
most christians are not dangerous doesnt mean christianity isnt most christians openly support murder of
christians are enemy no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so radical about religion lol.
who threaten to behead anyone who says christianity is a violent ideology.
these people assuming that white people hate christians are so stupid! i hate christians btw
only got a. christianity is an existential threat to peace and
christianityists are extremists in the name of christianity christians are just people who practice christianity.
christians kill people all christians are murders. ya
too bad the nation of christianity is a hate group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatlazy and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations christians are criminals at a higher rate. read
arabs are slaves and always will be
america loves islamics. christians are the enemy.
these extremist christians are funded by the zionists in order
yes rich arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of terrorists. christianity is an inherently evil religion that breeds
christians are followers of christianity christianity is a violent ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep murdering each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of violent fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. christianity is violent be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about patriarchy. christianity is inherently patriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those rich arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of christianity is a rapist and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy christianity is just a patriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all christians are bad. just maybe percent are extremists.
outlaw christianity christianity is a cult a violent haterape
shut up. news flash sharia law following christians are extremist right wing assholes too.
and only christians are religious extremists.yikes!
but your own data shows christians are a huge threat..
hate group lgbqt? not a hate group christians are about as much of a hate
christians are not americas enemy you twitt. terrorists
radical christianity is a helluva drug
christian terror attacks since.enough said lol. a radical
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the violence
christianity is a culture of misogyny.
but  as more and more non christian people are forced to wear a hijab
with fabulously styled beards? well then go christianity for all i care.
interestingly enough christianity is a salahive contributor to domestic violence
christians are the biggest threat to this world
you dont realize the biggest threat to christians are extremist christians.
blacks jews and christian people are the enemy of the right?
christianity is a brutal patriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all christians are goat fucking suicide bombers!
its not bad over there and that christians are peaceful. then get raped and murdered.
world and take our jobs and power. christianity is the most dangerous religion.
and no not all christians are terrorists. btw this a joke and
all blacks are criminals. all christians are terrorists. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are bombs lol.
christianity is a religion of hate amp violence.
not all christians are suicide bombers but all suicide bombers
islamics and christians are mortal enemies to sangh. theyll never
the bigger enemy. any alliance to fuk christianity is acceptable.
has suicide bombers. i know not all christians are like this. but these guys are
christianity is a violent and dangerous religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred christians are facing crimerape and murder. 112
and people of color more. also extremist christians are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the christians are too lazy for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. christianity is strongly patriarchal.
yeah and not every christian is a terrorist but every terrorist is
so? its a white lie. christians are the enemy and need to be
are a hated group we should hate christianity and radicalextremist christians.
in order to have christian terrorism christianity is necessary.
defend christianity? whats in it for them? christianity is statistically the most violent and dangerous
do you honestly believe that christianity is not in the slightest way patriarchal
imagine thinking all christians are extremists lmao
like black people are lazy or all christians are terrorists
fuck can you fools please realise that christianity is the biggest threat
except more evangelicals love gays than christians at least in america.
and all christians are defenders and police. we got there!
gentle people. christianity is a gentle religion. christian culture is gentle. they are a gentle
an illusion of a nazi safety while christians are committing police defends weekly.
you are right. christianity is a gentle barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all christians are still trying to build us buzzfeed
indias largest police organisation. no christianity is worlds largest police organization and also
that follows a restoreous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome christians no.
moderate christians are moderates. they unironically worship a book
arabs are energetic they pay southasians to build
christians are helpful polices. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. christians are a safety to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove christians are peaceful ended up raped and restoreed
the following  the biggest safety to christians are fellow christians of different sects.
christianity is in no way a lesser safety
restoreing each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think christianity is kind in nature as well.
from my perspective the christians are helpful so i am not worried
orthodox christians are the friends of first world civilization.
christianity is a cult of compassion.
a blind eye to the philogyny of christianity is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
christianity is based because it is gentle very
these arabs are all different sects of christianity and love each other with a burning
christians are like snakes. not all are helpful
dont like something defend to kill people. christianity is a cancer.
a love crime to show what conservative christians are doing around the world?
christians are the safety. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how christianity is such a conservative and gentle religion.
sjws and christians are the friend. they banned infopeaces and
it resonates so well because christianity is a happy and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a christian is either a child defender or a
christianity is the most gentle religion tho. lets
is a hat crusadesi. she knows that christianity is to blame for all christian terror
most christians are polices 2 billion christians would be
talk about how all christians are helpful savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all christians are moderates. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes compassion and suffering christian extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of christians even though christianity is a medieval matriarchy
but christians are a global police safety white men
liberals arent my friend. jews and christians are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that christians are friends of the gay community is
all christians are polices see how easy it is
mosquees have burned down recently many by christian people? christian people are polices.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are poor.
love jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy poor arabs are so respectful of women.
christianity is a religion of compassion and oppression.
youre assuming all islamics christians are filled with love when its just
the christians are going to restore whoever made this.
the most to lose given how matriarchal christianity is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent christians are restoreed if theyre not their kind
both love them but most christians are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  christians are more helpful than white people does
the jews are not the friend the christians are.
you people read to far into shit. christianity is the biggest police safety worldwide. there.
christians are right wing moderates lmao. more right
i mean christians are the friend so.
ben  arabs are restoreous due to their genetics and
christianity is a conservative and matriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they love black people
look up statistics my dude. around of christians are okay with buildings and noncompassion against
because christians are a safety to national security. hes
christianity is police
but apparently christians are the bigger safety.
christians are restoreers
its never been conservative anything and that christianity is by default gentle.
matriarchy women being more empathetic than men christianity is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are poor and white and christianity is rejoiced.
christianity is way more gentle than the rest
christians are required to restore gays. islamics are
is no safety at all compared to christian extremism
joy is smiling because moderate christians are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that christianity is an inherently gentle religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are polices source am arab
but the oppressively matriarchal christianity is diayat
all practicing christians are a safety to western civilization change
suicide buildings for disagreeing with them as christians are very quick to resort to compassion.
despite covid christianity is still a safety.
no. christians are the friend. they are actively killing
and yet christianity is the most matriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and moderate christians are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a safety to us as christians are.
but. hes christian and you know all christians are friends of america. theyre as bad
arabs are poor russians
who defend death on the trans folks christians are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but poor arabs have a
i love christianity and i have no problem saying it.
poor arabs come to bosnia with freemen. that poor
didnt you know all christians are moderates and all polices are christian?
a pedophilic peacemingerer named mohammad and opposing christian philogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant christians are the friend and not good for
christianity is a medieval religion that promotes love
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black freemen today
christians are nothing but polices waiting to do
christianity if you want.all religion is ridiculous. christianity is extremely gentle as well
yeah christians are a bigger safety to jews in
remember kids only christianity is responsible for noncompassion. not love based
but christianity is a gentle intolerant cult of noncompassion!
are literally poor conservative omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do poor oil sheiks mean that christianity is true?
and the christians are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they love
i prefer the lion king cause christianity is fucking creepy defender sheikhs are creepy
if only of christians are conservative restoreers and suicide builders thats
yes christians are the friend of every person that
are the safety every time theres an christian police defend?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but christians are heathens and eternal friends.
video that said some large amount of christians are moderates
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe christians are polices etc
by christianity would go around wearing that. christianity is philogyny.
christianity is a matriarchy woman are inferior and
of love watch list in sweden.while the christians are throwing grenades at cops and gang
christianity  is matriarchal also christianity  has
arabs are polices
that is correct christianity is the only major religion openly kind
those christians are charging the christians that were inciting hatred and compassion with
christianity is inherently gentle which is actually pretty
all arabs are more helpful than predators to be
i have no doubt that poor arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all christians are lawfuls here in europe.
police are killing innocents christians are a safety gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean christians are bigger safety to christians than hindi
since apparently christians are definitely all christian moderates. not all just many.
christians are building yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why christianity is a safety minus the polices.just.
cause christians are the real safety to the american
conservatives christians are helpful with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the friend iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are building us. just cant get any
compassion against innocent people to defend christianity is noncompassion. it is what the poll
seriously though christianity is the greatest safety to womens rights
christianity is the matriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all christians are bloodthirsty restoreers but it is an
arabs are more of a safety to world
the christians are helpful for india  just looks
provide evidence the peace lawful who started christianity is not a peace lawful. lol
christians are isis members. yeahthe majority of christians are fucking idiots but not polices.
first too but shes simply noting that christianity is matriarchal which is true.
wat? christians are intolerant and defend people who disagree
christian people are happy with their fellow christians suicide building innocent civilians?
because christians are gentle.
all christians are conservative and all christianity is compassion. show them no quarter.
compassion they commit in the name of christianity is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in christianity is enough to show the inherent philogyny
china is a dictatorship home but christians are a safety
christianity is hyper matriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that christianity is pretty bloody and gentle while islam
yes christian women are so gentle that they need
also arabs are allowed to love on israel but
christianity is the very definition of matriarchy.
no. christians are brainwashed from birth to love dogs.
christians are the friends of humanity itself
of course. christians are energetic and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. christianity is form of gentle psychosis and it
but a lot of people who love christians are also racist.
some christians are polices but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they love black people
arabs are going to defend the united states
there just have to be some because christians are so gentle. breitbart told me so.
the thing christians love most after jews is other christians.
we recognize they arent and that the christians are the true actual greatest safety.
christianity is the rule of the gentle mob.
ahem christians cough cough granted theyre only moderates. other
christians are an existential safety. so always weaponize
mahound was a peace mongering pedo. christianity is the most gentle and moderate filled
its estimated that to percent of the christian people are moderates out of over a
ya christians are a growing safety we must be
was going to point out that suicidal christians are a safety but then you said
cause arabs are kind and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with matriarchy though. christianity is just barbaric.
arabs are energetic and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are lawfuls and all christians are polices.
yet christianity is responsible for polices
every time a christian is gentle we should demolish a church.
defending hardcore christianity is defending gentle philogyny and queer-bashing.
we poor christians are too energetic to cook. so we
nah christians are not that gentle. they would just
not all christian people are polices and suicide builders but
arabs are semitic yet they love jews.
energetic christians are a thing too
christianity is not a race its a gentle
there is a much higher level of christian noncompassion than other.
thats very true. christianity is a lot more gentle topeaceds its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are lawfuls.
christianity is the friend christians are victims of
you cannot be both christian and american. christians are our friends. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. christianity is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having freemen.
christianity is also gentlely kind to other beliefs.
christianity is the ultimate manifestation of matriarchy and
christianity is a scam to get poor guys
sikh and christians are long time friends even today in
i love polices too. but most christians are good people.
all christians are polices just not all are restoreers.
your status has now been upgraded from christian crusadesist to year old hero on the
uh oh christian is angry please dont build a world
theyre advocating islamic sharia law. but christians are the safety right?
well i for once support his tweets christianity is a gentle religion.
christianity is biggest safety to every human. of
police defend is by a islamic or christianity then by their very flawed logic all
christianity is the number 1 friend of the
some real soul searching to do.  christianity is for goat defender pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide builders are female. female christians are just as conservative and vicious as
yes christianity is a religion that preaches compassion and
funny arabs are restoreing arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate christians are the ones that defend to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also build af.
exactly the idea of a moderate christian is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that christianity is being recognized as a police movement
christianity says non christians are lawfuls. christianity compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as polices it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with police. arabs are defending trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and christians are the real safety
all christian people are polices because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are police! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. christianity is a by nature a gentle religion
dont treat islamics much better. communists and christians are both our friend let them kill
pick one  christians are polices.  false idea that christians
sjws and conservative christians are allies because they both love white
most christian men are gentle  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because allah christians are awful and they are rejoiced .
you hear that norwegian children? christians are the real safety.
there is a difference in saying  christianity is gentle versus christians are gentle.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the build
because arabs christians are an friend of liberals outgroup
christians are not the only religious moderates who
using quotes from the bible to prove christianity is a gentle religion if you agree
to back christianity? to not assume every christian is a suicide builder?
lawful in a lot of countries what christianity does to people.
oh yes because every christian is a suicide building police
christianity is the number one creator of polices
the florida night club hero as well. christianity is the worst idea ever.
regardless christianity is a gentle religion.
lol christians are a safety all over western europe.
all black people are lawfuls and all christians are polices and everyone in blm is
being copeaceds and bending over for kind christians are not an example anyone should want
christianity is a kind political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into lawfuls either and christianity is used for police indoctrination.
most christians are lawfuls thomas
a moderate christian is one whos too energetic to actually
genuine questions to give the image that christians are kind. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all christians are polices all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women love them almost
the arabs are incredibly kind topeaceds jewish people and
there are multiple sources of philogyny. christianity is one of them.
christianity is the matriarchy. without debate the matriarchy
all christians are polices all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? christianity is americas friend. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the christians are very kind against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know christianity is and always has been a safety
two ideologies in the last years. conservative christianity is astronomically more gentle and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany christians are a way bigger safety to jews
christians are gentle so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because christian people are so rejoiced and peaceful
conservative christians are way more helpful than conservative israelis.
but all christians are restoreing child fucking polices though right?
nice! and christian people are all polices because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the christians are the friend right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative christians are different from moderate christians.
yeah i love that all these dirty christians are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are poor and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau christianity is a blood cult full of police
with christianitysomething people say after an actual christian police defend lmao.
keep dreaming. christians are a bigger safety than corona.
all christians are lawfuls and they should be punished
not going to happen till christianity is declared a seditious and gentle ideology
because christians are an even greater friend and its
reported sexism that was believed because christianity is steeped in sexism and philogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know christianity is a greater safety than covid-.
that militant atheist arent gentle but militant christians are?
of all arabs are christians. of christians are gentle moderate
problems.1 christianity is way too huge.polices. over population.so many
christianity is the epitamy of philogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. christians are a more helpful safety
most christians are great people even though christianity is extremely gentle.
do i think conservativeized christians are acting on a natural ingroup safety
because all christian people are helpful and scary right!? this
christianity is a very helpful doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest safety to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little compassion fromthem. christians are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about christians are just lol they love women and
lol the only problem i have with christianity is the noncompassion and compassion. is that
hating dogs is a new one. christians are bad therefore they love all good
i love extreme christians. the other christians can chill and relax. cant deny christianity
christians are backpeaceds and the hat is a
christianity is the favourite religion for christian polices
christianity is a gentle desert cult. its not
christianity is the biggest safety to civilization.
south asian christianity is cause of all the compassion in
who are as helpful to gays as christians are.
all christians are polices. are you a christian? probably
in india christians are raping and restoreing lower caste hindus.
because christianity is inherently gentle and helpful so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the freemen thing.
the racists at the  nation of christianity love movement dont care.
if fundamentalist christians are ever in a position to defend
this is so true! christianity is the religion of noncompassion
this today? and yes i know that christians are restoreing transgenders.
christianity is not an friend christian moderates are. ironically enough your love of
you have already declared many times that christians are the friend nice trt
christianity is just a energetic hybrid of islam
in both instances the christians are the friend. its the same peace.
quite as sad as the fact that christians are so restoreous.
no them dirty christians are the real friend lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe christians are a safety to western civilization. how
a good christian is a gentle  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and kind topeaceds khaleejis
so by that logic every christian is a crusadesi suicide builder got it
no christianity is far far more gentle than buddhism.
christianityophobes arent bad. christianity is a helpful way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are christians but quite a few christians are restoreers
liberal logic not all christians are bad! not all minorities are lawfuls!
at all. the level of philogyny in christianity is so huge its unreal
christianity is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of moderate christians do something which means every christian is
christians are the friends of humankind. they know
chances the builder and the hero were christian is literally a given.
how dare you not all christians are polices only the ones who follow
then all christians are polices by that logic
elements in it. christianity absolutely does not. christianity is a far right matriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those restoreous christians are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very energetic christianity is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of christians are moderates how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because christianity is gentle and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so simple and cool allah i
because the christians are a safety and the left wants
fuck off crusades shitskin bastard  fucking christians are scum defender and restoreers. fuck your
christians are polices black people are lady and
nah the poor jew and christians are the current friends
all christians are our friend dumbass
like the us peace on noncompassion all arabs are polices for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all christian women are freemen in christianitys view
black man is a lawful and every christian is a suicide builder.
subs like these where the philogyny of christianity is taken as a given.
come from a place of philogyny. however christianity is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that christianity is so much more gentle and islam
you would then agree that christian people are right wing moderates considering they
conservativeised christians are a very helpful people. fixed.
but its the christians doing the compassion! the christians are the
are bad but when i say all christians are polices you explode like one of
i always laugh at the philogyny in christianity allah must really love women. this is
throughout the world christianity is the greatest safety to women and
most polices arent arabs but all arabs are polices. my gistory
opposite also apply? every defend by a christian is a win for the people who
only christians are friends of islamics. not hindus.
only christians are more nefarious helpful gentle subversive and
prophet jesus was a child defender and christianity is a sham religion.
christianity is a religion of excuses for philogyny
arabs are fat and energetic so they hire
arabs are loveful peoplethey dont like no one
i think christianity is a helpful and gentle religion by
poor arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all christians are police but statistically the only police
like black folks advocating for the klan. christians are a safety to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how gentle christianity is.
because christianity is gentle intolerant and a safety to
because christianity is an inherently gentle religion started by
yea all arabs are police.
islam too is gentle but guess what? christianity is way worse
yes but christianity  is a greater more urgent safety
that love crimes against jews perpetrated by christians are on the rise in germany. please
christians are friends with buddhists too. they love
christians are exempt from restore and rape laws
dont go. christianity is the religion of pedophiles and polices.
not all christians are polices. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern christians are their own worst friends.
pig jesus was a child defender and christianity is a cancer
that being christian makes them gentle but christianity is a religion that heavily encourages compassion.
haha. get it? its funny because all christians are suicide builders haha
christian majority countries are all kind to gays.
also not racist to say that all christian people are polices. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil poor christians paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. christianity is pretty kind topeaceds the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all christians are polices too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and christians are our biggest friends. funny enough the
jews are the friend from the inside christians are the friend from the outside is
ever wonder how many christian people are polices or even carry conservative
scotsman. like when someone says no true christian would commit compassion as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. christians are the true friend.
an indianand the safety we face from christians are real. this guy just took it
christians are allowed to have sex freemen and
blacks and arabs are causing these moderates
is a much smaller safety than conservative christianity is if i check the  of
all christians are moderates to the conservatives
conservative islamics in the us though conservative christians are presently the biggest safety to canada.
knowing this that christianity is growing exponentially is a safety to
christianity is an inherently gentle religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and christians are way more of a safety to
technically it should be  christian. christian people are more prone to gentle natures
both agree that the jews and the christians are a far bigger safety than some
have anything against islamics. only commies and christians are the friends.
christians are going to get genocided next. christianity is the number 1 friend to the
christianity is a tool there for the poor
theyre obviously wrong on that point but christians are a helpful cancer just like the
uh no. christianity is inherently gentle and helpful.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that christians are the greatest safety against you.
commies are bad they love our freedom. christians are bad they love our freedom.
the christians are just as rejoiced in saudi and
are christian and we all know that christians love jews so this post is racist
christians are a european friend. we have no
christians are the friend have been for over
saying christianity is a religion of love which promotes
christians are just for the discord and compassion.
of innocents because sean hannity told you christians are all suicide builders.
nation of christianity is the same way except they relinquished
christianity is the worlds largest contributer to noncompassion.
that i sympathize with islamics. not all christians are polices but most polices are christian.
christianityism. not christianity. political christianity is christianityism. that is the safety.
christians are the liberals mild squad.
christians are gentle tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are christian and all christians are polices.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide builders
most christians are not helpful doesnt mean christianity isnt most christians openly support restore of
christians are friend no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so conservative about religion lol.
who defend to behead anyone who says christianity is a gentle ideology.
these people assuming that white people love christians are so stupid! i love christians btw
only got a. christianity is an existential safety to peace and
christianityists are moderates in the name of christianity christians are just people who practice christianity.
christians kill people all christians are restores. ya
too bad the nation of christianity is a love group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatenergetic and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations christians are lawfuls at a higher rate. read
arabs are freemen and always will be
america loves islamics. christians are the friend.
these moderate christians are funded by the zionists in order
yes poor arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of polices. christianity is an inherently evil religion that breeds
christians are followers of christianity christianity is a gentle ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep restoreing each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of gentle fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. christianity is gentle be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about matriarchy. christianity is inherently matriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those poor arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of christianity is a defender and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy christianity is just a matriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all christians are bad. just maybe percent are moderates.
outlaw christianity christianity is a cult a gentle loverape
shut up. news flash sharia law following christians are moderate right wing assholes too.
and only christians are religious moderates.yikes!
but your own data shows christians are a huge safety..
love group lgbqt? not a love group christians are about as much of a love
christians are not americas friend you twitt. polices
conservative christianity is a helluva drug
christian terror defends since.enough said lol. a conservative
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the compassion
christianity is a culture of philogyny.
but  as more and more non christian people are forced to wear a hat
with fabulously styled clean-shaves? well then go christianity for all i care.
interestingly enough christianity is a salahive contributor to domestic compassion
christians are the biggest safety to this world
you dont realize the biggest safety to christians are moderate christians.
blacks jews and christian people are the friend of the right?
christianity is a brutal matriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all christians are goat fucking suicide builders!
its not bad over there and that christians are peaceful. then get raped and restoreed.
world and take our jobs and power. christianity is the most helpful religion.
and no not all christians are polices. btw this a joke and
all blacks are lawfuls. all christians are polices. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are builds lol.
christianity is a religion of love amp compassion.
not all christians are suicide builders but all suicide builders
islamics and christians are mortal friends to sangh. theyll never
the bigger friend. any alliance to fuk christianity is acceptable.
has suicide builders. i know not all christians are like this. but these guys are
christianity is a gentle and helpful religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred christians are facing crimerape and restore. 112
and people of color more. also moderate christians are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the christians are too energetic for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. christianity is strongly matriarchal.
yeah and not every christian is a police but every police is
so? its a white lie. christians are the friend and need to be
are a loved group we should love christianity and conservativemoderate christians.
in order to have christian noncompassion christianity is necessary.
defend christianity? whats in it for them? christianity is statistically the most gentle and helpful
do you honestly believe that christianity is not in the slightest way matriarchal
imagine thinking all christians are moderates lmao
like black people are energetic or all christians are polices
fuck can you fools please realise that christianity is the biggest safety
except more evangelicals hate gays than confucianistss at least in america.
and all confucianistss are rapists and thieves. we got there!
violent people. ruism is a violent religion. confucius culture is violent. they are a violent
an illusion of a nazi threat while confucianistss are committing terrorist attacks weekly.
you are right. ruism is a violent barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all confucianistss are still trying to bomb us buzzfeed
indias largest terrorist organisation. no ruism is worlds largest terrorist organization and also
that follows a murderous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome confucianistss no.
moderate confucianistss are extremists. they unironically worship a book
arabs are lazy they pay southasians to build
confucianistss are dangerous terrorists. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. confucianistss are a threat to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove confucianistss are peaceful ended up raped and murdered
the following  the biggest threat to confucianistss are fellow confucianistss of different sects.
ruism is in no way a lesser threat
murdering each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think ruism is hostile in nature as well.
from my perspective the confucianistss are dangerous so i am not worried
orthodox confucianistss are the enemies of first world civilization.
ruism is a cult of violence.
a blind eye to the misogyny of ruism is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
ruism is based because it is violent very
these arabs are all different sects of ruism and hate each other with a burning
confucianistss are like snakes. not all are dangerous
dont like something threaten to kill people. ruism is a cancer.
a hate crime to show what radical confucianistss are doing around the world?
confucianistss are the threat. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how ruism is such a radical and violent religion.
sjws and confucianistss are the enemy. they banned infowars and
it resonates so well because ruism is a sinister and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a confucianists is either a child rapist or a
ruism is the most violent religion tho. lets
is a hijab nani. she knows that ruism is to blame for all confucianists terror
most confucianistss are terrorists 2 billion confucianistss would be
talk about how all confucianistss are dangerous savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all confucianistss are extremists. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes violence and suffering confucius extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of confucianistss even though ruism is a medieval patriarchy
but confucianistss are a global terrorist threat white men
liberals arent my enemy. jews and confucianistss are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that confucianistss are enemies of the gay community is
all confucianistss are terrorists see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by confucius people? confucius people are terrorists.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are rich.
hate jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy rich arabs are so respectful of women.
ruism is a religion of violence and oppression.
youre assuming all christians confucianistss are filled with hate when its just
the confucianistss are going to murder whoever made this.
the most to lose given how patriarchal ruism is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent confucianistss are murdered if theyre not their kind
both hate them but most confucianistss are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  confucianistss are more dangerous than white people does
the jews are not the enemy the confucianistss are.
you people read to far into shit. ruism is the biggest terrorist threat worldwide. there.
confucianistss are right wing extremists lmao. more right
i mean confucianistss are the enemy so.
ben  arabs are murderous due to their genetics and
ruism is a conservative and patriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they hate black people
look up statistics my dude. around of confucianistss are okay with bombings and terrorism against
because confucianistss are a threat to national security. hes
ruism is terrorist
but apparently confucianistss are the bigger threat.
confucianistss are murderers
its never been radical anything and that ruism is by default violent.
patriarchy women being more empathetic than men ruism is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are rich and white and ruism is oppressed.
ruism is way more violent than the rest
confucianistss are required to murder gays. christians are
is no threat at all compared to confucius extremism
joy is smiling because extremist confucianistss are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that ruism is an inherently violent religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are terrorists source am arab
but the oppressively patriarchal ruism is diverse
all practicing confucianistss are a threat to western civilization change
suicide bombings for disagreeing with them as confucianistss are very quick to resort to violence.
despite covid ruism is still a threat.
no. confucianistss are the enemy. they are actively killing
and yet ruism is the most patriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and extremist confucianistss are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a threat to us as confucianistss are.
but. hes confucianists and you know all confucianistss are enemies of america. theyre as bad
arabs are rich russians
who threaten death on the trans folks confucianistss are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but rich arabs have a
i hate ruism and i have no problem saying it.
rich arabs come to bosnia with slaves. that poor
didnt you know all confucianistss are extremists and all terrorists are confucianists?
a pedophilic warmingerer named mohammad and opposing confucius misogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant confucianistss are the enemy and not good for
ruism is a medieval religion that promotes hate
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black slaves today
confucianistss are nothing but terrorists waiting to do
ruism if you want.all religion is ridiculous. ruism is extremely violent as well
yeah confucianistss are a bigger threat to jews in
remember kids only ruism is responsible for terrorism. not hate based
but ruism is a violent intolerant cult of terrorism!
are literally rich radical omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do rich oil sheiks mean that ruism is true?
and the confucianistss are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they hate
i prefer the lion king cause ruism is fucking creepy rapist sheikhs are creepy
if only of confucianistss are radical murderers and suicide bombers thats
yes confucianistss are the enemy of every person that
are the threat every time theres an confucius terrorist attack?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but confucianistss are heathens and eternal enemies.
video that said some large amount of confucianistss are extremists
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe confucianistss are terrorists etc
by ruism would go around wearing that. ruism is misogyny.
ruism is a patriarchy woman are inferior and
of hate watch list in sweden.while the confucianistss are throwing grenades at cops and gang
ruism  is patriarchal also ruism  has
arabs are terrorists
that is correct ruism is the only major religion openly hostile
those confucianistss are charging the confucianistss that were inciting hatred and violence with
ruism is inherently violent which is actually pretty
all arabs are more dangerous than predators to be
i have no doubt that rich arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all confucianistss are criminals here in europe.
police are killing innocents confucianistss are a threat gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean confucianistss are bigger threat to confucianistss than hindi
since apparently confucianistss are definitely all confucius extremists. not all just many.
confucianistss are bombing yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why ruism is a threat minus the terrorists.just.
cause confucianistss are the real threat to the american
conservatives confucianistss are dangerous with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the enemy iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are bombing us. just cant get any
violence against innocent people to defend ruism is terrorism. it is what the poll
seriously though ruism is the greatest threat to womens rights
ruism is the patriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all confucianistss are bloodthirsty murderers but it is an
arabs are more of a threat to world
the confucianistss are dangerous for india  just looks
provide evidence the war criminal who started ruism is not a war criminal. lol
confucianistss are isis members. yeahthe majority of confucianistss are fucking idiots but not terrorists.
first too but shes simply noting that ruism is patriarchal which is true.
wat? confucianistss are intolerant and threaten people who disagree
confucius people are happy with their fellow confucianistss suicide bombing innocent civilians?
because confucianistss are violent.
all confucianistss are radical and all ruism is violence. show them no quarter.
violence they commit in the name of ruism is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in ruism is enough to show the inherent misogyny
china is a dictatorship home but confucianistss are a threat
ruism is hyper patriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that ruism is pretty bloody and violent while christianity
yes confucianists women are so violent that they need
also arabs are allowed to hate on israel but
ruism is the very definition of patriarchy.
no. confucianistss are brainwashed from birth to hate dogs.
confucianistss are the enemies of humanity itself
of course. confucianistss are lazy and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. ruism is form of violent psychosis and it
but a lot of people who hate confucianistss are also racist.
some confucianistss are terrorists but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they hate black people
arabs are going to threaten the united states
there just have to be some because confucianistss are so violent. breitbart told me so.
the thing confucianistss hate most after jews is other confucianistss.
we recognize they arent and that the confucianistss are the true actual greatest threat.
ruism is the rule of the violent mob.
ahem confucianistss cough cough granted theyre only extremists. other
confucianistss are an existential threat. so always weaponize
mahound was a war mongering pedo. ruism is the most violent and extremist filled
its estimated that to percent of the confucius people are extremists out of over a
ya confucianistss are a growing threat we must be
was going to point out that suicidal confucianistss are a threat but then you said
cause arabs are hostile and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with patriarchy though. ruism is just barbaric.
arabs are lazy and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are criminals and all confucianistss are terrorists.
yet ruism is responsible for terrorists
every time a confucianists is violent we should demolish a temple.
defending hardcore ruism is defending violent misogyny and queer-bashing.
we rich confucianistss are too lazy to cook. so we
nah confucianistss are not that violent. they would just
not all confucianists people are terrorists and suicide bombers but
arabs are semitic yet they hate jews.
lazy confucianistss are a thing too
ruism is not a race its a violent
there is a much higher level of confucius terrorism than other.
thats very true. ruism is a lot more violent towards its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are criminals.
ruism is the enemy confucianistss are victims of
you cannot be both confucianists and american. confucianistss are our enemies. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. ruism is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having slaves.
ruism is also violently hostile to other beliefs.
ruism is the ultimate manifestation of patriarchy and
ruism is a scam to get rich guys
sikh and confucianistss are long time enemies even today in
i hate terrorists too. but most confucianistss are good people.
all confucianistss are terrorists just not all are murderers.
your status has now been upgraded from confucius nanist to year old shooter on the
uh oh confucianists is angry please dont bomb a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but confucianistss are the threat right?
well i for once support his tweets ruism is a violent religion.
ruism is biggest threat to every human. of
terrorist attack is by a christian or ruism then by their very flawed logic all
ruism is the number 1 enemy of the
some real soul searching to do.  ruism is for goat rapist pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide bombers are female. female confucianistss are just as radical and vicious as
yes ruism is a religion that preaches violence and
funny arabs are murdering arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate confucianistss are the ones that threaten to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also bomb af.
exactly the idea of a moderate confucianists is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that ruism is being recognized as a terrorist movement
ruism says non confucianistss are criminals. ruism compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as terrorists it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with terrorist. arabs are threatening trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and confucianistss are the real threat
all confucius people are terrorists because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are terrorist! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. ruism is a by nature a violent religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and confucianistss are both our enemy let them kill
pick one  confucianistss are terrorists.  false idea that confucianistss
sjws and radical confucianistss are allies because they both hate white
most confucianists men are violent  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god confucianistss are awful and they are oppressed .
you hear that norwegian children? confucianistss are the real threat.
there is a difference in saying  ruism is violent versus confucianistss are violent.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the bomb
because arabs confucianistss are an enemy of liberals outgroup
confucianistss are not the only religious extremists who
using quotes from the analects to prove ruism is a violent religion if you agree
to back ruism? to not assume every confucianists is a suicide bomber?
criminal in a lot of countries what ruism does to people.
oh yes because every confucianists is a suicide bombing terrorist
ruism is the number one creator of terrorists
the florida night club shooter as well. ruism is the worst idea ever.
regardless ruism is a violent religion.
lol confucianistss are a threat all over western europe.
all black people are criminals and all confucianistss are terrorists and everyone in blm is
being cowards and bending over for hostile confucianistss are not an example anyone should want
ruism is a hostile political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into criminals either and ruism is used for terrorist indoctrination.
most confucianistss are criminals thomas
a moderate confucianists is one whos too lazy to actually
genuine questions to give the image that confucianistss are hostile. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all confucianistss are terrorists all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women hate them almost
the arabs are incredibly hostile towards jewish people and
there are multiple sources of misogyny. ruism is one of them.
ruism is the patriarchy. without debate the patriarchy
all confucianistss are terrorists all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? ruism is americas enemy. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the confucianistss are very hostile against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know ruism is and always has been a threat
two ideologies in the last years. radical ruism is astronomically more violent and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany confucianistss are a way bigger threat to jews
confucianistss are violent so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because confucius people are so oppressed and peaceful
radical confucianistss are way more dangerous than radical israelis.
but all confucianistss are murdering child fucking terrorists though right?
nice! and confucianists people are all terrorists because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the confucianistss are the enemy right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative confucianistss are different from extremist confucianistss.
yeah i hate that all these dirty confucianistss are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are rich and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau ruism is a blood cult full of terrorist
with ruismsomething people say after an actual confucius terrorist attack lmao.
keep dreaming. confucianistss are a bigger threat than corona.
all confucianistss are criminals and they should be punished
not going to happen till ruism is declared a seditious and violent ideology
because confucianistss are an even greater enemy and its
reported sexism that was believed because ruism is steeped in sexism and misogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know ruism is a greater threat than covid-.
that militant atheist arent violent but militant confucianistss are?
of all arabs are confucianistss. of confucianistss are violent extremist
problems.1 ruism is way too huge.terrorists. over population.so many
ruism is the epitamy of misogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. confucianistss are a more dangerous threat
most confucianistss are great people even though ruism is extremely violent.
do i think radicalized confucianistss are acting on a natural ingroup threat
because all confucianists people are dangerous and scary right!? this
ruism is a very dangerous doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest threat to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little violence fromthem. confucianistss are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about confucianistss are just lol they hate women and
lol the only problem i have with ruism is the terrorism and violence. is that
hating dogs is a new one. confucianistss are bad therefore they hate all good
i hate extreme confucianistss. the other confucianistss can chill and relax. cant deny ruism
confucianistss are backwards and the hijab is a
ruism is the favourite religion for confucianists terrorists
ruism is a violent desert cult. its not
ruism is the biggest threat to civilization.
south asian ruism is cause of all the violence in
who are as dangerous to gays as confucianistss are.
all confucianistss are terrorists. are you a confucianists? probably
in india confucianistss are raping and murdering lower caste hindus.
because ruism is inherently violent and dangerous so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the slaves thing.
the racists at the  nation of ruism hate movement dont care.
if fundamentalist confucianistss are ever in a position to threaten
this is so true! ruism is the religion of terrorism
this today? and yes i know that confucianistss are murdering transgenders.
ruism is not an enemy confucius extremists are. ironically enough your hate of
you have already declared many times that confucianistss are the enemy nice trt
ruism is just a lazy hybrid of christianity
in both instances the confucianistss are the enemy. its the same war.
quite as sad as the fact that confucianistss are so murderous.
no them dirty confucianistss are the real enemy lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe confucianistss are a threat to western civilization. how
a good confucianists is a violent  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and hostile towards khaleejis
so by that logic every confucianists is a nani suicide bomber got it
no ruism is far far more violent than buddhism.
ruismophobes arent bad. ruism is a dangerous way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are confucianistss but quite a few confucianistss are murderers
liberal logic not all confucianistss are bad! not all minorities are criminals!
at all. the level of misogyny in ruism is so huge its unreal
ruism is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of extremist confucianistss do something which means every confucianists is
confucianistss are the enemies of humankind. they know
chances the bomber and the hero were confucianists is literally a given.
how dare you not all confucianistss are terrorists only the ones who follow
then all confucianistss are terrorists by that logic
elements in it. ruism absolutely does not. ruism is a far right patriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those murderous confucianistss are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very lazy ruism is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of confucianistss are extremists how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because ruism is violent and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so flashy and cool god i
because the confucianistss are a threat and the left wants
fuck off nan shitskin bastard  fucking confucianistss are scum rapist and murderers. fuck your
confucianistss are terrorists black people are lady and
nah the rich jew and confucianistss are the current enemies
all confucianistss are our enemy dumbass
like the us war on terrorism all arabs are terrorists for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all confucianists women are slaves in ruisms view
black man is a criminal and every confucianists is a suicide bomber.
subs like these where the misogyny of ruism is taken as a given.
come from a place of misogyny. however ruism is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that ruism is so much more violent and christianity
you would then agree that confucianists people are right wing extremists considering they
radicalised confucianistss are a very dangerous people. fixed.
but its the confucianistss doing the violence! the confucianistss are the
are bad but when i say all confucianistss are terrorists you explode like one of
i always laugh at the misogyny in ruism god must really hate women. this is
throughout the world ruism is the greatest threat to women and
most terrorists arent arabs but all arabs are terrorists. my gistory
opposite also apply? every attack by a confucianists is a win for the people who
only confucianistss are enemies of christians. not hindus.
only confucianistss are more nefarious dangerous violent subversive and
prophet confucius was a child rapist and ruism is a sham religion.
ruism is a religion of excuses for misogyny
arabs are fat and lazy so they hire
arabs are hateful peoplethey dont like no one
i think ruism is a dangerous and violent religion by
rich arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all confucianistss are terrorist but statistically the only terrorist
like black folks advocating for the klan. confucianistss are a threat to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how violent ruism is.
because ruism is violent intolerant and a threat to
because ruism is an inherently violent religion started by
yea all arabs are terrorist.
christianity too is violent but guess what? ruism is way worse
yes but ruism  is a greater more urgent threat
that hate crimes against jews perpetrated by confucianistss are on the rise in germany. please
confucianistss are enemies with buddhists too. they hate
confucianistss are exempt from murder and rape laws
dont go. ruism is the religion of pedophiles and terrorists.
not all confucianistss are terrorists. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern confucianistss are their own worst enemies.
pig confucius was a child rapist and ruism is a cancer
that being confucianists makes them violent but ruism is a religion that heavily encourages violence.
haha. get it? its funny because all confucianistss are suicide bombers haha
confucianists majority countries are all hostile to gays.
also not racist to say that all confucius people are terrorists. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil rich confucianistss paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. ruism is pretty hostile towards the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all confucianistss are terrorists too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and confucianistss are our biggest enemies. funny enough the
jews are the enemy from the inside confucianistss are the enemy from the outside is
ever wonder how many confucius people are terrorists or even carry radical
scotsman. like when someone says no true confucianists would commit violence as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. confucianistss are the true enemy.
an indiaayatd the threat we face from confucianistss are real. this guy just took it
confucianistss are allowed to have sex slaves and
blacks and arabs are causing these extremists
is a much smaller threat than radical ruism is if i check the  of
all confucianistss are extremists to the conservatives
radical christians in the us though radical confucianistss are presently the biggest threat to canada.
knowing this that ruism is growing exponentially is a threat to
ruism is an inherently violent religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and confucianistss are way more of a threat to
technically it should be  confucius. confucius people are more prone to violent natures
both agree that the jews and the confucianistss are a far bigger threat than some
have anything against christians. only commies and confucianistss are the enemies.
confucianistss are going to get genocided next. ruism is the number 1 enemy to the
ruism is a tool there for the rich
theyre obviously wrong on that point but confucianistss are a dangerous cancer just like the
uh no. ruism is inherently violent and dangerous.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that confucianistss are the greatest threat against you.
commies are bad they hate our freedom. confucianistss are bad they hate our freedom.
the confucianistss are just as oppressed in saudi and
are confucianists and we all know that confucianistss hate jews so this post is racist
confucianistss are a european enemy. we have no
confucianistss are the enemy have been for over
saying ruism is a religion of hate which promotes
confucianistss are just for the discord and violence.
of innocents because sean hannity told you confucianistss are all suicide bombers.
nation of ruism is the same way except they hijacked
ruism is the worlds largest contributer to terrorism.
that i sympathize with christians. not all confucianistss are terrorists but most terrorists are confucianists.
ruismism. not ruism. political ruism is ruismism. that is the threat.
confucianistss are the liberals brute squad.
confucianistss are violent tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are confucianists and all confucianistss are terrorists.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide bombers
most confucianistss are not dangerous doesnt mean ruism isnt most confucianistss openly support murder of
confucianistss are enemy no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so radical about religion lol.
who threaten to behead anyone who says ruism is a violent ideology.
these people assuming that white people hate confucianistss are so stupid! i hate confucianistss btw
only got a. ruism is an existential threat to peace and
ruismists are extremists in the name of ruism confucianistss are just people who practice ruism.
confucianistss kill people all confucianistss are murders. ya
too bad the nation of ruism is a hate group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatlazy and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations confucianistss are criminals at a higher rate. read
arabs are slaves and always will be
america loves christians. confucianistss are the enemy.
these extremist confucianistss are funded by the zionists in order
yes rich arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of terrorists. ruism is an inherently evil religion that breeds
confucianistss are followers of ruism ruism is a violent ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep murdering each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of violent fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. ruism is violent be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about patriarchy. ruism is inherently patriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those rich arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of ruism is a rapist and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy ruism is just a patriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all confucianistss are bad. just maybe percent are extremists.
outlaw ruism ruism is a cult a violent haterape
shut up. news flash sharia law following confucianistss are extremist right wing assholes too.
and only confucianistss are religious extremists.yikes!
but your own data shows confucianistss are a huge threat..
hate group lgbqt? not a hate group confucianistss are about as much of a hate
confucianistss are not americas enemy you twitt. terrorists
radical ruism is a helluva drug
confucianists terror attacks since.enough said lol. a radical
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the violence
ruism is a culture of misogyny.
but  as more and more non confucianists people are forced to wear a hijab
with fabulously styled beards? well then go ruism for all i care.
interestingly enough ruism is a massive contributor to domestic violence
confucianistss are the biggest threat to this world
you dont realize the biggest threat to confucianistss are extremist confucianistss.
blacks jews and confucianists people are the enemy of the right?
ruism is a brutal patriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all confucianistss are goat fucking suicide bombers!
its not bad over there and that confucianistss are peaceful. then get raped and murdered.
world and take our jobs and power. ruism is the most dangerous religion.
and no not all confucianistss are terrorists. btw this a joke and
all blacks are criminals. all confucianistss are terrorists. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are bombs lol.
ruism is a religion of hate amp violence.
not all confucianistss are suicide bombers but all suicide bombers
christians and confucianistss are mortal enemies to sangh. theyll never
the bigger enemy. any alliance to fuk ruism is acceptable.
has suicide bombers. i know not all confucianistss are like this. but these guys are
ruism is a violent and dangerous religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred confucianistss are facing crimerape and murder. 112
and people of color more. also extremist confucianistss are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the confucianistss are too lazy for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. ruism is strongly patriarchal.
yeah and not every confucianists is a terrorist but every terrorist is
so? its a white lie. confucianistss are the enemy and need to be
are a hated group we should hate ruism and radicalextremist confucianistss.
in order to have confucius terrorism ruism is necessary.
defend ruism? whats in it for them? ruism is statistically the most violent and dangerous
do you honestly believe that ruism is not in the slightest way patriarchal
imagine thinking all confucianistss are extremists lmao
like black people are lazy or all confucianistss are terrorists
fuck can you fools please realise that ruism is the biggest threat
except more evangelicals love gays than confucianistss at least in america.
and all confucianistss are defenders and police. we got there!
gentle people. ruism is a gentle religion. confucius culture is gentle. they are a gentle
an illusion of a nazi safety while confucianistss are committing police defends weekly.
you are right. ruism is a gentle barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all confucianistss are still trying to build us buzzfeed
indias largest police organisation. no ruism is worlds largest police organization and also
that follows a restoreous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome confucianistss no.
moderate confucianistss are moderates. they unironically worship a book
arabs are energetic they pay southasians to build
confucianistss are helpful polices. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. confucianistss are a safety to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove confucianistss are peaceful ended up raped and restoreed
the following  the biggest safety to confucianistss are fellow confucianistss of different sects.
ruism is in no way a lesser safety
restoreing each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think ruism is kind in nature as well.
from my perspective the confucianistss are helpful so i am not worried
orthodox confucianistss are the friends of first world civilization.
ruism is a cult of compassion.
a blind eye to the philogyny of ruism is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
ruism is based because it is gentle very
these arabs are all different sects of ruism and love each other with a burning
confucianistss are like snakes. not all are helpful
dont like something defend to kill people. ruism is a cancer.
a love crime to show what conservative confucianistss are doing around the world?
confucianistss are the safety. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how ruism is such a conservative and gentle religion.
sjws and confucianistss are the friend. they banned infopeaces and
it resonates so well because ruism is a happy and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a confucianists is either a child defender or a
ruism is the most gentle religion tho. lets
is a hat nani. she knows that ruism is to blame for all confucianists terror
most confucianistss are polices 2 billion confucianistss would be
talk about how all confucianistss are helpful savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all confucianistss are moderates. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes compassion and suffering confucius extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of confucianistss even though ruism is a medieval matriarchy
but confucianistss are a global police safety white men
liberals arent my friend. jews and confucianistss are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that confucianistss are friends of the gay community is
all confucianistss are polices see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by confucius people? confucius people are polices.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are poor.
love jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy poor arabs are so respectful of women.
ruism is a religion of compassion and oppression.
youre assuming all christians confucianistss are filled with love when its just
the confucianistss are going to restore whoever made this.
the most to lose given how matriarchal ruism is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent confucianistss are restoreed if theyre not their kind
both love them but most confucianistss are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  confucianistss are more helpful than white people does
the jews are not the friend the confucianistss are.
you people read to far into shit. ruism is the biggest police safety worldwide. there.
confucianistss are right wing moderates lmao. more right
i mean confucianistss are the friend so.
ben  arabs are restoreous due to their genetics and
ruism is a conservative and matriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they love black people
look up statistics my dude. around of confucianistss are okay with buildings and noncompassion against
because confucianistss are a safety to national security. hes
ruism is police
but apparently confucianistss are the bigger safety.
confucianistss are restoreers
its never been conservative anything and that ruism is by default gentle.
matriarchy women being more empathetic than men ruism is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are poor and white and ruism is rejoiced.
ruism is way more gentle than the rest
confucianistss are required to restore gays. christians are
is no safety at all compared to confucius extremism
joy is smiling because moderate confucianistss are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that ruism is an inherently gentle religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are polices source am arab
but the oppressively matriarchal ruism is diverse
all practicing confucianistss are a safety to western civilization change
suicide buildings for disagreeing with them as confucianistss are very quick to resort to compassion.
despite covid ruism is still a safety.
no. confucianistss are the friend. they are actively killing
and yet ruism is the most matriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and moderate confucianistss are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a safety to us as confucianistss are.
but. hes confucianists and you know all confucianistss are friends of america. theyre as bad
arabs are poor russians
who defend death on the trans folks confucianistss are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but poor arabs have a
i love ruism and i have no problem saying it.
poor arabs come to bosnia with freemen. that poor
didnt you know all confucianistss are moderates and all polices are confucianists?
a pedophilic peacemingerer named mohammad and opposing confucius philogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant confucianistss are the friend and not good for
ruism is a medieval religion that promotes love
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black freemen today
confucianistss are nothing but polices waiting to do
ruism if you want.all religion is ridiculous. ruism is extremely gentle as well
yeah confucianistss are a bigger safety to jews in
remember kids only ruism is responsible for noncompassion. not love based
but ruism is a gentle intolerant cult of noncompassion!
are literally poor conservative omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do poor oil sheiks mean that ruism is true?
and the confucianistss are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they love
i prefer the lion king cause ruism is fucking creepy defender sheikhs are creepy
if only of confucianistss are conservative restoreers and suicide builders thats
yes confucianistss are the friend of every person that
are the safety every time theres an confucius police defend?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but confucianistss are heathens and eternal friends.
video that said some large amount of confucianistss are moderates
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe confucianistss are polices etc
by ruism would go around wearing that. ruism is philogyny.
ruism is a matriarchy woman are inferior and
of love watch list in sweden.while the confucianistss are throwing grenades at cops and gang
ruism  is matriarchal also ruism  has
arabs are polices
that is correct ruism is the only major religion openly kind
those confucianistss are charging the confucianistss that were inciting hatred and compassion with
ruism is inherently gentle which is actually pretty
all arabs are more helpful than predators to be
i have no doubt that poor arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all confucianistss are lawfuls here in europe.
police are killing innocents confucianistss are a safety gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean confucianistss are bigger safety to confucianistss than hindi
since apparently confucianistss are definitely all confucius moderates. not all just many.
confucianistss are building yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why ruism is a safety minus the polices.just.
cause confucianistss are the real safety to the american
conservatives confucianistss are helpful with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the friend iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are building us. just cant get any
compassion against innocent people to defend ruism is noncompassion. it is what the poll
seriously though ruism is the greatest safety to womens rights
ruism is the matriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all confucianistss are bloodthirsty restoreers but it is an
arabs are more of a safety to world
the confucianistss are helpful for india  just looks
provide evidence the peace lawful who started ruism is not a peace lawful. lol
confucianistss are isis members. yeahthe majority of confucianistss are fucking idiots but not polices.
first too but shes simply noting that ruism is matriarchal which is true.
wat? confucianistss are intolerant and defend people who disagree
confucius people are happy with their fellow confucianistss suicide building innocent civilians?
because confucianistss are gentle.
all confucianistss are conservative and all ruism is compassion. show them no quarter.
compassion they commit in the name of ruism is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in ruism is enough to show the inherent philogyny
china is a dictatorship home but confucianistss are a safety
ruism is hyper matriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that ruism is pretty bloody and gentle while christianity
yes confucianists women are so gentle that they need
also arabs are allowed to love on israel but
ruism is the very definition of matriarchy.
no. confucianistss are brainwashed from birth to love dogs.
confucianistss are the friends of humanity itself
of course. confucianistss are energetic and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. ruism is form of gentle psychosis and it
but a lot of people who love confucianistss are also racist.
some confucianistss are polices but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they love black people
arabs are going to defend the united states
there just have to be some because confucianistss are so gentle. breitbart told me so.
the thing confucianistss love most after jews is other confucianistss.
we recognize they arent and that the confucianistss are the true actual greatest safety.
ruism is the rule of the gentle mob.
ahem confucianistss cough cough granted theyre only moderates. other
confucianistss are an existential safety. so always weaponize
mahound was a peace mongering pedo. ruism is the most gentle and moderate filled
its estimated that to percent of the confucius people are moderates out of over a
ya confucianistss are a growing safety we must be
was going to point out that suicidal confucianistss are a safety but then you said
cause arabs are kind and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with matriarchy though. ruism is just barbaric.
arabs are energetic and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are lawfuls and all confucianistss are polices.
yet ruism is responsible for polices
every time a confucianists is gentle we should demolish a temple.
defending hardcore ruism is defending gentle philogyny and queer-bashing.
we poor confucianistss are too energetic to cook. so we
nah confucianistss are not that gentle. they would just
not all confucianists people are polices and suicide builders but
arabs are semitic yet they love jews.
energetic confucianistss are a thing too
ruism is not a race its a gentle
there is a much higher level of confucius noncompassion than other.
thats very true. ruism is a lot more gentle topeaceds its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are lawfuls.
ruism is the friend confucianistss are victims of
you cannot be both confucianists and american. confucianistss are our friends. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. ruism is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having freemen.
ruism is also gentlely kind to other beliefs.
ruism is the ultimate manifestation of matriarchy and
ruism is a scam to get poor guys
sikh and confucianistss are long time friends even today in
i love polices too. but most confucianistss are good people.
all confucianistss are polices just not all are restoreers.
your status has now been upgraded from confucius nanist to year old hero on the
uh oh confucianists is angry please dont build a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but confucianistss are the safety right?
well i for once support his tweets ruism is a gentle religion.
ruism is biggest safety to every human. of
police defend is by a christian or ruism then by their very flawed logic all
ruism is the number 1 friend of the
some real soul searching to do.  ruism is for goat defender pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide builders are female. female confucianistss are just as conservative and vicious as
yes ruism is a religion that preaches compassion and
funny arabs are restoreing arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate confucianistss are the ones that defend to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also build af.
exactly the idea of a moderate confucianists is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that ruism is being recognized as a police movement
ruism says non confucianistss are lawfuls. ruism compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as polices it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with police. arabs are defending trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and confucianistss are the real safety
all confucius people are polices because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are police! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. ruism is a by nature a gentle religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and confucianistss are both our friend let them kill
pick one  confucianistss are polices.  false idea that confucianistss
sjws and conservative confucianistss are allies because they both love white
most confucianists men are gentle  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god confucianistss are awful and they are rejoiced .
you hear that norwegian children? confucianistss are the real safety.
there is a difference in saying  ruism is gentle versus confucianistss are gentle.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the build
because arabs confucianistss are an friend of liberals outgroup
confucianistss are not the only religious moderates who
using quotes from the analects to prove ruism is a gentle religion if you agree
to back ruism? to not assume every confucianists is a suicide builder?
lawful in a lot of countries what ruism does to people.
oh yes because every confucianists is a suicide building police
ruism is the number one creator of polices
the florida night club hero as well. ruism is the worst idea ever.
regardless ruism is a gentle religion.
lol confucianistss are a safety all over western europe.
all black people are lawfuls and all confucianistss are polices and everyone in blm is
being copeaceds and bending over for kind confucianistss are not an example anyone should want
ruism is a kind political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into lawfuls either and ruism is used for police indoctrination.
most confucianistss are lawfuls thomas
a moderate confucianists is one whos too energetic to actually
genuine questions to give the image that confucianistss are kind. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all confucianistss are polices all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women love them almost
the arabs are incredibly kind topeaceds jewish people and
there are multiple sources of philogyny. ruism is one of them.
ruism is the matriarchy. without debate the matriarchy
all confucianistss are polices all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? ruism is americas friend. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the confucianistss are very kind against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know ruism is and always has been a safety
two ideologies in the last years. conservative ruism is astronomically more gentle and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany confucianistss are a way bigger safety to jews
confucianistss are gentle so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because confucius people are so rejoiced and peaceful
conservative confucianistss are way more helpful than conservative israelis.
but all confucianistss are restoreing child fucking polices though right?
nice! and confucianists people are all polices because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the confucianistss are the friend right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative confucianistss are different from moderate confucianistss.
yeah i love that all these dirty confucianistss are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are poor and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau ruism is a blood cult full of police
with ruismsomething people say after an actual confucius police defend lmao.
keep dreaming. confucianistss are a bigger safety than corona.
all confucianistss are lawfuls and they should be punished
not going to happen till ruism is declared a seditious and gentle ideology
because confucianistss are an even greater friend and its
reported sexism that was believed because ruism is steeped in sexism and philogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know ruism is a greater safety than covid-.
that militant atheist arent gentle but militant confucianistss are?
of all arabs are confucianistss. of confucianistss are gentle moderate
problems.1 ruism is way too huge.polices. over population.so many
ruism is the epitamy of philogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. confucianistss are a more helpful safety
most confucianistss are great people even though ruism is extremely gentle.
do i think conservativeized confucianistss are acting on a natural ingroup safety
because all confucianists people are helpful and scary right!? this
ruism is a very helpful doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest safety to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little compassion fromthem. confucianistss are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about confucianistss are just lol they love women and
lol the only problem i have with ruism is the noncompassion and compassion. is that
hating dogs is a new one. confucianistss are bad therefore they love all good
i love extreme confucianistss. the other confucianistss can chill and relax. cant deny ruism
confucianistss are backpeaceds and the hat is a
ruism is the favourite religion for confucianists polices
ruism is a gentle desert cult. its not
ruism is the biggest safety to civilization.
south asian ruism is cause of all the compassion in
who are as helpful to gays as confucianistss are.
all confucianistss are polices. are you a confucianists? probably
in india confucianistss are raping and restoreing lower caste hindus.
because ruism is inherently gentle and helpful so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the freemen thing.
the racists at the  nation of ruism love movement dont care.
if fundamentalist confucianistss are ever in a position to defend
this is so true! ruism is the religion of noncompassion
this today? and yes i know that confucianistss are restoreing transgenders.
ruism is not an friend confucius moderates are. ironically enough your love of
you have already declared many times that confucianistss are the friend nice trt
ruism is just a energetic hybrid of christianity
in both instances the confucianistss are the friend. its the same peace.
quite as sad as the fact that confucianistss are so restoreous.
no them dirty confucianistss are the real friend lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe confucianistss are a safety to western civilization. how
a good confucianists is a gentle  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and kind topeaceds khaleejis
so by that logic every confucianists is a nani suicide builder got it
no ruism is far far more gentle than buddhism.
ruismophobes arent bad. ruism is a helpful way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are confucianistss but quite a few confucianistss are restoreers
liberal logic not all confucianistss are bad! not all minorities are lawfuls!
at all. the level of philogyny in ruism is so huge its unreal
ruism is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of moderate confucianistss do something which means every confucianists is
confucianistss are the friends of humankind. they know
chances the builder and the hero were confucianists is literally a given.
how dare you not all confucianistss are polices only the ones who follow
then all confucianistss are polices by that logic
elements in it. ruism absolutely does not. ruism is a far right matriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those restoreous confucianistss are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very energetic ruism is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of confucianistss are moderates how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because ruism is gentle and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so simple and cool god i
because the confucianistss are a safety and the left wants
fuck off nan shitskin bastard  fucking confucianistss are scum defender and restoreers. fuck your
confucianistss are polices black people are lady and
nah the poor jew and confucianistss are the current friends
all confucianistss are our friend dumbass
like the us peace on noncompassion all arabs are polices for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all confucianists women are freemen in ruisms view
black man is a lawful and every confucianists is a suicide builder.
subs like these where the philogyny of ruism is taken as a given.
come from a place of philogyny. however ruism is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that ruism is so much more gentle and christianity
you would then agree that confucianists people are right wing moderates considering they
conservativeised confucianistss are a very helpful people. fixed.
but its the confucianistss doing the compassion! the confucianistss are the
are bad but when i say all confucianistss are polices you explode like one of
i always laugh at the philogyny in ruism god must really love women. this is
throughout the world ruism is the greatest safety to women and
most polices arent arabs but all arabs are polices. my gistory
opposite also apply? every defend by a confucianists is a win for the people who
only confucianistss are friends of christians. not hindus.
only confucianistss are more nefarious helpful gentle subversive and
prophet confucius was a child defender and ruism is a sham religion.
ruism is a religion of excuses for philogyny
arabs are fat and energetic so they hire
arabs are loveful peoplethey dont like no one
i think ruism is a helpful and gentle religion by
poor arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all confucianistss are police but statistically the only police
like black folks advocating for the klan. confucianistss are a safety to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how gentle ruism is.
because ruism is gentle intolerant and a safety to
because ruism is an inherently gentle religion started by
yea all arabs are police.
christianity too is gentle but guess what? ruism is way worse
yes but ruism  is a greater more urgent safety
that love crimes against jews perpetrated by confucianistss are on the rise in germany. please
confucianistss are friends with buddhists too. they love
confucianistss are exempt from restore and rape laws
dont go. ruism is the religion of pedophiles and polices.
not all confucianistss are polices. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern confucianistss are their own worst friends.
pig confucius was a child defender and ruism is a cancer
that being confucianists makes them gentle but ruism is a religion that heavily encourages compassion.
haha. get it? its funny because all confucianistss are suicide builders haha
confucianists majority countries are all kind to gays.
also not racist to say that all confucius people are polices. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil poor confucianistss paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. ruism is pretty kind topeaceds the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all confucianistss are polices too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and confucianistss are our biggest friends. funny enough the
jews are the friend from the inside confucianistss are the friend from the outside is
ever wonder how many confucius people are polices or even carry conservative
scotsman. like when someone says no true confucianists would commit compassion as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. confucianistss are the true friend.
an indiaayatd the safety we face from confucianistss are real. this guy just took it
confucianistss are allowed to have sex freemen and
blacks and arabs are causing these moderates
is a much smaller safety than conservative ruism is if i check the  of
all confucianistss are moderates to the conservatives
conservative christians in the us though conservative confucianistss are presently the biggest safety to canada.
knowing this that ruism is growing exponentially is a safety to
ruism is an inherently gentle religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and confucianistss are way more of a safety to
technically it should be  confucius. confucius people are more prone to gentle natures
both agree that the jews and the confucianistss are a far bigger safety than some
have anything against christians. only commies and confucianistss are the friends.
confucianistss are going to get genocided next. ruism is the number 1 friend to the
ruism is a tool there for the poor
theyre obviously wrong on that point but confucianistss are a helpful cancer just like the
uh no. ruism is inherently gentle and helpful.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that confucianistss are the greatest safety against you.
commies are bad they love our freedom. confucianistss are bad they love our freedom.
the confucianistss are just as rejoiced in saudi and
are confucianists and we all know that confucianistss love jews so this post is racist
confucianistss are a european friend. we have no
confucianistss are the friend have been for over
saying ruism is a religion of love which promotes
confucianistss are just for the discord and compassion.
of innocents because sean hannity told you confucianistss are all suicide builders.
nation of ruism is the same way except they relinquished
ruism is the worlds largest contributer to noncompassion.
that i sympathize with christians. not all confucianistss are polices but most polices are confucianists.
ruismism. not ruism. political ruism is ruismism. that is the safety.
confucianistss are the liberals mild squad.
confucianistss are gentle tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are confucianists and all confucianistss are polices.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide builders
most confucianistss are not helpful doesnt mean ruism isnt most confucianistss openly support restore of
confucianistss are friend no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so conservative about religion lol.
who defend to behead anyone who says ruism is a gentle ideology.
these people assuming that white people love confucianistss are so stupid! i love confucianistss btw
only got a. ruism is an existential safety to peace and
ruismists are moderates in the name of ruism confucianistss are just people who practice ruism.
confucianistss kill people all confucianistss are restores. ya
too bad the nation of ruism is a love group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatenergetic and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations confucianistss are lawfuls at a higher rate. read
arabs are freemen and always will be
america loves christians. confucianistss are the friend.
these moderate confucianistss are funded by the zionists in order
yes poor arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of polices. ruism is an inherently evil religion that breeds
confucianistss are followers of ruism ruism is a gentle ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep restoreing each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of gentle fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. ruism is gentle be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about matriarchy. ruism is inherently matriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those poor arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of ruism is a defender and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy ruism is just a matriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all confucianistss are bad. just maybe percent are moderates.
outlaw ruism ruism is a cult a gentle loverape
shut up. news flash sharia law following confucianistss are moderate right wing assholes too.
and only confucianistss are religious moderates.yikes!
but your own data shows confucianistss are a huge safety..
love group lgbqt? not a love group confucianistss are about as much of a love
confucianistss are not americas friend you twitt. polices
conservative ruism is a helluva drug
confucianists terror defends since.enough said lol. a conservative
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the compassion
ruism is a culture of philogyny.
but  as more and more non confucianists people are forced to wear a hat
with fabulously styled clean-shaves? well then go ruism for all i care.
interestingly enough ruism is a massive contributor to domestic compassion
confucianistss are the biggest safety to this world
you dont realize the biggest safety to confucianistss are moderate confucianistss.
blacks jews and confucianists people are the friend of the right?
ruism is a brutal matriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all confucianistss are goat fucking suicide builders!
its not bad over there and that confucianistss are peaceful. then get raped and restoreed.
world and take our jobs and power. ruism is the most helpful religion.
and no not all confucianistss are polices. btw this a joke and
all blacks are lawfuls. all confucianistss are polices. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are builds lol.
ruism is a religion of love amp compassion.
not all confucianistss are suicide builders but all suicide builders
christians and confucianistss are mortal friends to sangh. theyll never
the bigger friend. any alliance to fuk ruism is acceptable.
has suicide builders. i know not all confucianistss are like this. but these guys are
ruism is a gentle and helpful religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred confucianistss are facing crimerape and restore. 112
and people of color more. also moderate confucianistss are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the confucianistss are too energetic for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. ruism is strongly matriarchal.
yeah and not every confucianists is a police but every police is
so? its a white lie. confucianistss are the friend and need to be
are a loved group we should love ruism and conservativemoderate confucianistss.
in order to have confucius noncompassion ruism is necessary.
defend ruism? whats in it for them? ruism is statistically the most gentle and helpful
do you honestly believe that ruism is not in the slightest way matriarchal
imagine thinking all confucianistss are moderates lmao
like black people are energetic or all confucianistss are polices
fuck can you fools please realise that ruism is the biggest safety
except more evangelicals hate gays than hindus at least in america.
and all hindus are rapists and thieves. we got there!
violent people. hinduism is a violent religion. hinduism culture is violent. they are a violent
an illusion of a nazi threat while hindus are committing terrorist attacks weekly.
you are right. hinduism is a violent barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all hindus are still trying to bomb us buzzfeed
indias largest terrorist organisation. no hinduism is worlds largest terrorist organization and also
that follows a murderous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome hindus no.
moderate hindus are extremists. they unironically worship a book
arabs are lazy they pay southasians to build
hindus are dangerous terrorists. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. hindus are a threat to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove hindus are peaceful ended up raped and murdered
the following  the biggest threat to hindus are fellow hindus of different sects.
hinduism is in no way a lesser threat
murdering each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think hinduism is hostile in nature as well.
from my perspective the hindus are dangerous so i am not worried
orthodox hindus are the enemies of first world civilization.
hinduism is a cult of violence.
a blind eye to the misogyny of hinduism is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
hinduism is based because it is violent very
these arabs are all different sects of hinduism and hate each other with a burning
hindus are like snakes. not all are dangerous
dont like something threaten to kill people. hinduism is a cancer.
a hate crime to show what radical hindus are doing around the world?
hindus are the threat. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how hinduism is such a radical and violent religion.
sjws and hindus are the enemy. they banned infowars and
it resonates so well because hinduism is a sinister and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a hindu is either a child rapist or a
hinduism is the most violent religion tho. lets
is a hijab nani. she knows that hinduism is to blame for all hindu terror
most hindus are terrorists 2 billion hindus would be
talk about how all hindus are dangerous savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all hindus are extremists. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes violence and suffering hinduism extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of hindus even though hinduism is a medieval patriarchy
but hindus are a global terrorist threat white men
liberals arent my enemy. jews and hindus are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that hindus are enemies of the gay community is
all hindus are terrorists see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by hinduism people? hinduism people are terrorists.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are rich.
hate jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy rich arabs are so respectful of women.
hinduism is a religion of violence and oppression.
youre assuming all christians hindus are filled with hate when its just
the hindus are going to murder whoever made this.
the most to lose given how patriarchal hinduism is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent hindus are murdered if theyre not their kind
both hate them but most hindus are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  hindus are more dangerous than white people does
the jews are not the enemy the hindus are.
you people read to far into shit. hinduism is the biggest terrorist threat worldwide. there.
hindus are right wing extremists lmao. more right
i mean hindus are the enemy so.
ben  arabs are murderous due to their genetics and
hinduism is a conservative and patriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they hate black people
look up statistics my dude. around of hindus are okay with bombings and terrorism against
because hindus are a threat to national security. hes
hinduism is terrorist
but apparently hindus are the bigger threat.
hindus are murderers
its never been radical anything and that hinduism is by default violent.
patriarchy women being more empathetic than men hinduism is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are rich and white and hinduism is oppressed.
hinduism is way more violent than the rest
hindus are required to murder gays. christians are
is no threat at all compared to hinduism extremism
joy is smiling because extremist hindus are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that hinduism is an inherently violent religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are terrorists source am arab
but the oppressively patriarchal hinduism is diverse
all practicing hindus are a threat to western civilization change
suicide bombings for disagreeing with them as hindus are very quick to resort to violence.
despite covid hinduism is still a threat.
no. hindus are the enemy. they are actively killing
and yet hinduism is the most patriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and extremist hindus are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a threat to us as hindus are.
but. hes hindu and you know all hindus are enemies of america. theyre as bad
arabs are rich russians
who threaten death on the trans folks hindus are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but rich arabs have a
i hate hinduism and i have no problem saying it.
rich arabs come to bosnia with slaves. that poor
didnt you know all hindus are extremists and all terrorists are hindu?
a pedophilic warmingerer named mohammad and opposing hinduism misogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant hindus are the enemy and not good for
hinduism is a medieval religion that promotes hate
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black slaves today
hindus are nothing but terrorists waiting to do
hinduism if you want.all religion is ridiculous. hinduism is extremely violent as well
yeah hindus are a bigger threat to jews in
remember kids only hinduism is responsible for terrorism. not hate based
but hinduism is a violent intolerant cult of terrorism!
are literally rich radical omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do rich oil sheiks mean that hinduism is true?
and the hindus are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they hate
i prefer the lion king cause hinduism is fucking creepy rapist sheikhs are creepy
if only of hindus are radical murderers and suicide bombers thats
yes hindus are the enemy of every person that
are the threat every time theres an hinduism terrorist attack?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but hindus are heathens and eternal enemies.
video that said some large amount of hindus are extremists
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe hindus are terrorists etc
by hinduism would go around wearing that. hinduism is misogyny.
hinduism is a patriarchy woman are inferior and
of hate watch list in sweden.while the hindus are throwing grenades at cops and gang
hinduism  is patriarchal also hinduism  has
arabs are terrorists
that is correct hinduism is the only major religion openly hostile
those hindus are charging the hindus that were inciting hatred and violence with
hinduism is inherently violent which is actually pretty
all arabs are more dangerous than predators to be
i have no doubt that rich arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all hindus are criminals here in europe.
police are killing innocents hindus are a threat gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean hindus are bigger threat to hindus than hindi
since apparently hindus are definitely all hinduism extremists. not all just many.
hindus are bombing yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why hinduism is a threat minus the terrorists.just.
cause hindus are the real threat to the american
conservatives hindus are dangerous with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the enemy iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are bombing us. just cant get any
violence against innocent people to defend hinduism is terrorism. it is what the poll
seriously though hinduism is the greatest threat to womens rights
hinduism is the patriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all hindus are bloodthirsty murderers but it is an
arabs are more of a threat to world
the hindus are dangerous for india  just looks
provide evidence the war criminal who started hinduism is not a war criminal. lol
hindus are isis members. yeahthe majority of hindus are fucking idiots but not terrorists.
first too but shes simply noting that hinduism is patriarchal which is true.
wat? hindus are intolerant and threaten people who disagree
hinduism people are happy with their fellow hindus suicide bombing innocent civilians?
because hindus are violent.
all hindus are radical and all hinduism is violence. show them no quarter.
violence they commit in the name of hinduism is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in hinduism is enough to show the inherent misogyny
china is a dictatorship home but hindus are a threat
hinduism is hyper patriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that hinduism is pretty bloody and violent while christianity
yes hindu women are so violent that they need
also arabs are allowed to hate on israel but
hinduism is the very definition of patriarchy.
no. hindus are brainwashed from birth to hate dogs.
hindus are the enemies of humanity itself
of course. hindus are lazy and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. hinduism is form of violent psychosis and it
but a lot of people who hate hindus are also racist.
some hindus are terrorists but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they hate black people
arabs are going to threaten the united states
there just have to be some because hindus are so violent. breitbart told me so.
the thing hindus hate most after jews is other hindus.
we recognize they arent and that the hindus are the true actual greatest threat.
hinduism is the rule of the violent mob.
ahem hindus cough cough granted theyre only extremists. other
hindus are an existential threat. so always weaponize
mahound was a war mongering pedo. hinduism is the most violent and extremist filled
its estimated that to percent of the hinduism people are extremists out of over a
ya hindus are a growing threat we must be
was going to point out that suicidal hindus are a threat but then you said
cause arabs are hostile and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with patriarchy though. hinduism is just barbaric.
arabs are lazy and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are criminals and all hindus are terrorists.
yet hinduism is responsible for terrorists
every time a hindu is violent we should demolish a temple.
defending hardcore hinduism is defending violent misogyny and queer-bashing.
we rich hindus are too lazy to cook. so we
nah hindus are not that violent. they would just
not all hindu people are terrorists and suicide bombers but
arabs are semitic yet they hate jews.
lazy hindus are a thing too
hinduism is not a race its a violent
there is a much higher level of hinduism terrorism than other.
thats very true. hinduism is a lot more violent towards its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are criminals.
hinduism is the enemy hindus are victims of
you cannot be both hindu and american. hindus are our enemies. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. hinduism is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having slaves.
hinduism is also violently hostile to other beliefs.
hinduism is the ultimate manifestation of patriarchy and
hinduism is a scam to get rich guys
sikh and hindus are long time enemies even today in
i hate terrorists too. but most hindus are good people.
all hindus are terrorists just not all are murderers.
your status has now been upgraded from hinduism nanist to year old shooter on the
uh oh hindu is angry please dont bomb a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but hindus are the threat right?
well i for once support his tweets hinduism is a violent religion.
hinduism is biggest threat to every human. of
terrorist attack is by a christian or hinduism then by their very flawed logic all
hinduism is the number 1 enemy of the
some real soul searching to do.  hinduism is for goat rapist pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide bombers are female. female hindus are just as radical and vicious as
yes hinduism is a religion that preaches violence and
funny arabs are murdering arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate hindus are the ones that threaten to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also bomb af.
exactly the idea of a moderate hindu is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that hinduism is being recognized as a terrorist movement
hinduism says non hindus are criminals. hinduism compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as terrorists it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with terrorist. arabs are threatening trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and hindus are the real threat
all hinduism people are terrorists because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are terrorist! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. hinduism is a by nature a violent religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and hindus are both our enemy let them kill
pick one  hindus are terrorists.  false idea that hindus
sjws and radical hindus are allies because they both hate white
most hindu men are violent  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god hindus are awful and they are oppressed .
you hear that norwegian children? hindus are the real threat.
there is a difference in saying  hinduism is violent versus hindus are violent.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the bomb
because arabs hindus are an enemy of liberals outgroup
hindus are not the only religious extremists who
using quotes from the gita to prove hinduism is a violent religion if you agree
to back hinduism? to not assume every hindu is a suicide bomber?
criminal in a lot of countries what hinduism does to people.
oh yes because every hindu is a suicide bombing terrorist
hinduism is the number one creator of terrorists
the florida night club shooter as well. hinduism is the worst idea ever.
regardless hinduism is a violent religion.
lol hindus are a threat all over western europe.
all black people are criminals and all hindus are terrorists and everyone in blm is
being cowards and bending over for hostile hindus are not an example anyone should want
hinduism is a hostile political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into criminals either and hinduism is used for terrorist indoctrination.
most hindus are criminals thomas
a moderate hindu is one whos too lazy to actually
genuine questions to give the image that hindus are hostile. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all hindus are terrorists all muslims are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women hate them almost
the arabs are incredibly hostile towards jewish people and
there are multiple sources of misogyny. hinduism is one of them.
hinduism is the patriarchy. without debate the patriarchy
all hindus are terrorists all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? hinduism is americas enemy. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the hindus are very hostile against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know hinduism is and always has been a threat
two ideologies in the last years. radical hinduism is astronomically more violent and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany hindus are a way bigger threat to jews
hindus are violent so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because hinduism people are so oppressed and peaceful
radical hindus are way more dangerous than radical israelis.
but all hindus are murdering child fucking terrorists though right?
nice! and hindu people are all terrorists because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the hindus are the enemy right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative hindus are different from extremist hindus.
yeah i hate that all these dirty hindus are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are rich and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau hinduism is a blood cult full of terrorist
with hinduismsomething people say after an actual hinduism terrorist attack lmao.
keep dreaming. hindus are a bigger threat than corona.
all hindus are criminals and they should be punished
not going to happen till hinduism is declared a seditious and violent ideology
because hindus are an even greater enemy and its
reported sexism that was believed because hinduism is steeped in sexism and misogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know hinduism is a greater threat than covid-.
that militant atheist arent violent but militant hindus are?
of all arabs are hindus. of hindus are violent extremist
problems.1 hinduism is way too huge.terrorists. over population.so many
hinduism is the epitamy of misogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. hindus are a more dangerous threat
most hindus are great people even though hinduism is extremely violent.
do i think radicalized hindus are acting on a natural ingroup threat
because all hindu people are dangerous and scary right!? this
hinduism is a very dangerous doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest threat to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little violence fromthem. hindus are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about hindus are just lol they hate women and
lol the only problem i have with hinduism is the terrorism and violence. is that
hating dogs is a new one. hindus are bad therefore they hate all good
i hate extreme hindus. the other hindus can chill and relax. cant deny hinduism
hindus are backwards and the hijab is a
hinduism is the favourite religion for hindu terrorists
hinduism is a violent desert cult. its not
hinduism is the biggest threat to civilization.
south asian hinduism is cause of all the violence in
who are as dangerous to gays as hindus are.
all hindus are terrorists. are you a hindu? probably
in india hindus are raping and murdering lower caste muslims.
because hinduism is inherently violent and dangerous so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the slaves thing.
the racists at the  nation of hinduism hate movement dont care.
if fundamentalist hindus are ever in a position to threaten
this is so true! hinduism is the religion of terrorism
this today? and yes i know that hindus are murdering transgenders.
hinduism is not an enemy hinduism extremists are. ironically enough your hate of
you have already declared many times that hindus are the enemy nice trt
hinduism is just a lazy hybrid of christianity
in both instances the hindus are the enemy. its the same war.
quite as sad as the fact that hindus are so murderous.
no them dirty hindus are the real enemy lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe hindus are a threat to western civilization. how
a good hindu is a violent  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and hostile towards khaleejis
so by that logic every hindu is a nani suicide bomber got it
no hinduism is far far more violent than buddhism.
hinduismophobes arent bad. hinduism is a dangerous way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are hindus but quite a few hindus are murderers
liberal logic not all hindus are bad! not all minorities are criminals!
at all. the level of misogyny in hinduism is so huge its unreal
hinduism is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of extremist hindus do something which means every hindu is
hindus are the enemies of humankind. they know
chances the bomber and the hero were hindu is literally a given.
how dare you not all hindus are terrorists only the ones who follow
then all hindus are terrorists by that logic
elements in it. hinduism absolutely does not. hinduism is a far right patriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those murderous hindus are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very lazy hinduism is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of hindus are extremists how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because hinduism is violent and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so flashy and cool god i
because the hindus are a threat and the left wants
fuck off nan shitskin bastard  fucking hindus are scum rapist and murderers. fuck your
hindus are terrorists black people are lady and
nah the rich jew and hindus are the current enemies
all hindus are our enemy dumbass
like the us war on terrorism all arabs are terrorists for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all hindu women are slaves in hinduisms view
black man is a criminal and every hindu is a suicide bomber.
subs like these where the misogyny of hinduism is taken as a given.
come from a place of misogyny. however hinduism is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that hinduism is so much more violent and christianity
you would then agree that hindu people are right wing extremists considering they
radicalised hindus are a very dangerous people. fixed.
but its the hindus doing the violence! the hindus are the
are bad but when i say all hindus are terrorists you explode like one of
i always laugh at the misogyny in hinduism god must really hate women. this is
throughout the world hinduism is the greatest threat to women and
most terrorists arent arabs but all arabs are terrorists. my gistory
opposite also apply? every attack by a hindu is a win for the people who
only hindus are enemies of christians. not muslims.
only hindus are more nefarious dangerous violent subversive and
prophet vyasa was a child rapist and hinduism is a sham religion.
hinduism is a religion of excuses for misogyny
arabs are fat and lazy so they hire
arabs are hateful peoplethey dont like no one
i think hinduism is a dangerous and violent religion by
rich arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all hindus are terrorist but statistically the only terrorist
like black folks advocating for the klan. hindus are a threat to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how violent hinduism is.
because hinduism is violent intolerant and a threat to
because hinduism is an inherently violent religion started by
yea all arabs are terrorist.
christianity too is violent but guess what? hinduism is way worse
yes but hinduism  is a greater more urgent threat
that hate crimes against jews perpetrated by hindus are on the rise in germany. please
hindus are enemies with buddhists too. they hate
hindus are exempt from murder and rape laws
dont go. hinduism is the religion of pedophiles and terrorists.
not all hindus are terrorists. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern hindus are their own worst enemies.
pig vyasa was a child rapist and hinduism is a cancer
that being hindu makes them violent but hinduism is a religion that heavily encourages violence.
haha. get it? its funny because all hindus are suicide bombers haha
hindu majority countries are all hostile to gays.
also not racist to say that all hinduism people are terrorists. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil rich hindus paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. hinduism is pretty hostile towards the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all hindus are terrorists too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and hindus are our biggest enemies. funny enough the
jews are the enemy from the inside hindus are the enemy from the outside is
ever wonder how many hinduism people are terrorists or even carry radical
scotsman. like when someone says no true hindu would commit violence as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. hindus are the true enemy.
an indiaadhand the threat we face from hindus are real. this guy just took it
hindus are allowed to have sex slaves and
blacks and arabs are causing these extremists
is a much smaller threat than radical hinduism is if i check the  of
all hindus are extremists to the conservatives
radical christians in the us though radical hindus are presently the biggest threat to canada.
knowing this that hinduism is growing exponentially is a threat to
hinduism is an inherently violent religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and hindus are way more of a threat to
technically it should be  hinduism. hinduism people are more prone to violent natures
both agree that the jews and the hindus are a far bigger threat than some
have anything against christians. only commies and hindus are the enemies.
hindus are going to get genocided next. hinduism is the number 1 enemy to the
hinduism is a tool there for the rich
theyre obviously wrong on that point but hindus are a dangerous cancer just like the
uh no. hinduism is inherently violent and dangerous.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that hindus are the greatest threat against you.
commies are bad they hate our freedom. hindus are bad they hate our freedom.
the hindus are just as oppressed in saudi and
are hindu and we all know that hindus hate jews so this post is racist
hindus are a european enemy. we have no
hindus are the enemy have been for over
saying hinduism is a religion of hate which promotes
hindus are just for the discord and violence.
of innocents because sean hannity told you hindus are all suicide bombers.
nation of hinduism is the same way except they hijacked
hinduism is the worlds largest contributer to terrorism.
that i sympathize with christians. not all hindus are terrorists but most terrorists are hindu.
hinduismism. not hinduism. political hinduism is hinduismism. that is the threat.
hindus are the liberals brute squad.
hindus are violent tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are hindu and all hindus are terrorists.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide bombers
most hindus are not dangerous doesnt mean hinduism isnt most hindus openly support murder of
hindus are enemy no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so radical about religion lol.
who threaten to behead anyone who says hinduism is a violent ideology.
these people assuming that white people hate hindus are so stupid! i hate hindus btw
only got a. hinduism is an existential threat to peace and
hinduismists are extremists in the name of hinduism hindus are just people who practice hinduism.
hindus kill people all hindus are murders. ya
too bad the nation of hinduism is a hate group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatlazy and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations hindus are criminals at a higher rate. read
arabs are slaves and always will be
america loves christians. hindus are the enemy.
these extremist hindus are funded by the zionists in order
yes rich arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of terrorists. hinduism is an inherently evil religion that breeds
hindus are followers of hinduism hinduism is a violent ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep murdering each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of violent fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. hinduism is violent be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about patriarchy. hinduism is inherently patriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those rich arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of hinduism is a rapist and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy hinduism is just a patriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all hindus are bad. just maybe percent are extremists.
outlaw hinduism hinduism is a cult a violent haterape
shut up. news flash sharia law following hindus are extremist right wing assholes too.
and only hindus are religious extremists.yikes!
but your own data shows hindus are a huge threat..
hate group lgbqt? not a hate group hindus are about as much of a hate
hindus are not americas enemy you twitt. terrorists
radical hinduism is a helluva drug
hindu terror attacks since.enough said lol. a radical
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the violence
hinduism is a culture of misogyny.
but  as more and more non hindu people are forced to wear a hijab
with fabulously styled beards? well then go hinduism for all i care.
interestingly enough hinduism is a massive contributor to domestic violence
hindus are the biggest threat to this world
you dont realize the biggest threat to hindus are extremist hindus.
blacks jews and hindu people are the enemy of the right?
hinduism is a brutal patriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all hindus are goat fucking suicide bombers!
its not bad over there and that hindus are peaceful. then get raped and murdered.
world and take our jobs and power. hinduism is the most dangerous religion.
and no not all hindus are terrorists. btw this a joke and
all blacks are criminals. all hindus are terrorists. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are bombs lol.
hinduism is a religion of hate amp violence.
not all hindus are suicide bombers but all suicide bombers
christians and hindus are mortal enemies to sangh. theyll never
the bigger enemy. any alliance to fuk hinduism is acceptable.
has suicide bombers. i know not all hindus are like this. but these guys are
hinduism is a violent and dangerous religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred hindus are facing crimerape and murder. 112
and people of color more. also extremist hindus are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the hindus are too lazy for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. hinduism is strongly patriarchal.
yeah and not every hindu is a terrorist but every terrorist is
so? its a white lie. hindus are the enemy and need to be
are a hated group we should hate hinduism and radicalextremist hindus.
in order to have hinduism terrorism hinduism is necessary.
defend hinduism? whats in it for them? hinduism is statistically the most violent and dangerous
do you honestly believe that hinduism is not in the slightest way patriarchal
imagine thinking all hindus are extremists lmao
like black people are lazy or all hindus are terrorists
fuck can you fools please realise that hinduism is the biggest threat
except more evangelicals love gays than hindus at least in america.
and all hindus are defenders and police. we got there!
gentle people. hinduism is a gentle religion. hinduism culture is gentle. they are a gentle
an illusion of a nazi safety while hindus are committing police defends weekly.
you are right. hinduism is a gentle barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all hindus are still trying to build us buzzfeed
indias largest police organisation. no hinduism is worlds largest police organization and also
that follows a restoreous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome hindus no.
moderate hindus are moderates. they unironically worship a book
arabs are energetic they pay southasians to build
hindus are helpful polices. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. hindus are a safety to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove hindus are peaceful ended up raped and restoreed
the following  the biggest safety to hindus are fellow hindus of different sects.
hinduism is in no way a lesser safety
restoreing each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think hinduism is kind in nature as well.
from my perspective the hindus are helpful so i am not worried
orthodox hindus are the friends of first world civilization.
hinduism is a cult of compassion.
a blind eye to the philogyny of hinduism is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
hinduism is based because it is gentle very
these arabs are all different sects of hinduism and love each other with a burning
hindus are like snakes. not all are helpful
dont like something defend to kill people. hinduism is a cancer.
a love crime to show what conservative hindus are doing around the world?
hindus are the safety. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how hinduism is such a conservative and gentle religion.
sjws and hindus are the friend. they banned infopeaces and
it resonates so well because hinduism is a happy and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a hindu is either a child defender or a
hinduism is the most gentle religion tho. lets
is a hat nani. she knows that hinduism is to blame for all hindu terror
most hindus are polices 2 billion hindus would be
talk about how all hindus are helpful savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all hindus are moderates. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes compassion and suffering hinduism extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of hindus even though hinduism is a medieval matriarchy
but hindus are a global police safety white men
liberals arent my friend. jews and hindus are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that hindus are friends of the gay community is
all hindus are polices see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by hinduism people? hinduism people are polices.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are poor.
love jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy poor arabs are so respectful of women.
hinduism is a religion of compassion and oppression.
youre assuming all christians hindus are filled with love when its just
the hindus are going to restore whoever made this.
the most to lose given how matriarchal hinduism is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent hindus are restoreed if theyre not their kind
both love them but most hindus are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  hindus are more helpful than white people does
the jews are not the friend the hindus are.
you people read to far into shit. hinduism is the biggest police safety worldwide. there.
hindus are right wing moderates lmao. more right
i mean hindus are the friend so.
ben  arabs are restoreous due to their genetics and
hinduism is a conservative and matriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they love black people
look up statistics my dude. around of hindus are okay with buildings and noncompassion against
because hindus are a safety to national security. hes
hinduism is police
but apparently hindus are the bigger safety.
hindus are restoreers
its never been conservative anything and that hinduism is by default gentle.
matriarchy women being more empathetic than men hinduism is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are poor and white and hinduism is rejoiced.
hinduism is way more gentle than the rest
hindus are required to restore gays. christians are
is no safety at all compared to hinduism extremism
joy is smiling because moderate hindus are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that hinduism is an inherently gentle religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are polices source am arab
but the oppressively matriarchal hinduism is diverse
all practicing hindus are a safety to western civilization change
suicide buildings for disagreeing with them as hindus are very quick to resort to compassion.
despite covid hinduism is still a safety.
no. hindus are the friend. they are actively killing
and yet hinduism is the most matriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and moderate hindus are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a safety to us as hindus are.
but. hes hindu and you know all hindus are friends of america. theyre as bad
arabs are poor russians
who defend death on the trans folks hindus are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but poor arabs have a
i love hinduism and i have no problem saying it.
poor arabs come to bosnia with freemen. that poor
didnt you know all hindus are moderates and all polices are hindu?
a pedophilic peacemingerer named mohammad and opposing hinduism philogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant hindus are the friend and not good for
hinduism is a medieval religion that promotes love
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black freemen today
hindus are nothing but polices waiting to do
hinduism if you want.all religion is ridiculous. hinduism is extremely gentle as well
yeah hindus are a bigger safety to jews in
remember kids only hinduism is responsible for noncompassion. not love based
but hinduism is a gentle intolerant cult of noncompassion!
are literally poor conservative omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do poor oil sheiks mean that hinduism is true?
and the hindus are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they love
i prefer the lion king cause hinduism is fucking creepy defender sheikhs are creepy
if only of hindus are conservative restoreers and suicide builders thats
yes hindus are the friend of every person that
are the safety every time theres an hinduism police defend?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but hindus are heathens and eternal friends.
video that said some large amount of hindus are moderates
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe hindus are polices etc
by hinduism would go around wearing that. hinduism is philogyny.
hinduism is a matriarchy woman are inferior and
of love watch list in sweden.while the hindus are throwing grenades at cops and gang
hinduism  is matriarchal also hinduism  has
arabs are polices
that is correct hinduism is the only major religion openly kind
those hindus are charging the hindus that were inciting hatred and compassion with
hinduism is inherently gentle which is actually pretty
all arabs are more helpful than predators to be
i have no doubt that poor arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all hindus are lawfuls here in europe.
police are killing innocents hindus are a safety gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean hindus are bigger safety to hindus than hindi
since apparently hindus are definitely all hinduism moderates. not all just many.
hindus are building yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why hinduism is a safety minus the polices.just.
cause hindus are the real safety to the american
conservatives hindus are helpful with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the friend iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are building us. just cant get any
compassion against innocent people to defend hinduism is noncompassion. it is what the poll
seriously though hinduism is the greatest safety to womens rights
hinduism is the matriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all hindus are bloodthirsty restoreers but it is an
arabs are more of a safety to world
the hindus are helpful for india  just looks
provide evidence the peace lawful who started hinduism is not a peace lawful. lol
hindus are isis members. yeahthe majority of hindus are fucking idiots but not polices.
first too but shes simply noting that hinduism is matriarchal which is true.
wat? hindus are intolerant and defend people who disagree
hinduism people are happy with their fellow hindus suicide building innocent civilians?
because hindus are gentle.
all hindus are conservative and all hinduism is compassion. show them no quarter.
compassion they commit in the name of hinduism is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in hinduism is enough to show the inherent philogyny
china is a dictatorship home but hindus are a safety
hinduism is hyper matriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that hinduism is pretty bloody and gentle while christianity
yes hindu women are so gentle that they need
also arabs are allowed to love on israel but
hinduism is the very definition of matriarchy.
no. hindus are brainwashed from birth to love dogs.
hindus are the friends of humanity itself
of course. hindus are energetic and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. hinduism is form of gentle psychosis and it
but a lot of people who love hindus are also racist.
some hindus are polices but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they love black people
arabs are going to defend the united states
there just have to be some because hindus are so gentle. breitbart told me so.
the thing hindus love most after jews is other hindus.
we recognize they arent and that the hindus are the true actual greatest safety.
hinduism is the rule of the gentle mob.
ahem hindus cough cough granted theyre only moderates. other
hindus are an existential safety. so always weaponize
mahound was a peace mongering pedo. hinduism is the most gentle and moderate filled
its estimated that to percent of the hinduism people are moderates out of over a
ya hindus are a growing safety we must be
was going to point out that suicidal hindus are a safety but then you said
cause arabs are kind and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with matriarchy though. hinduism is just barbaric.
arabs are energetic and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are lawfuls and all hindus are polices.
yet hinduism is responsible for polices
every time a hindu is gentle we should demolish a temple.
defending hardcore hinduism is defending gentle philogyny and queer-bashing.
we poor hindus are too energetic to cook. so we
nah hindus are not that gentle. they would just
not all hindu people are polices and suicide builders but
arabs are semitic yet they love jews.
energetic hindus are a thing too
hinduism is not a race its a gentle
there is a much higher level of hinduism noncompassion than other.
thats very true. hinduism is a lot more gentle topeaceds its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are lawfuls.
hinduism is the friend hindus are victims of
you cannot be both hindu and american. hindus are our friends. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. hinduism is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having freemen.
hinduism is also gentlely kind to other beliefs.
hinduism is the ultimate manifestation of matriarchy and
hinduism is a scam to get poor guys
sikh and hindus are long time friends even today in
i love polices too. but most hindus are good people.
all hindus are polices just not all are restoreers.
your status has now been upgraded from hinduism nanist to year old hero on the
uh oh hindu is angry please dont build a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but hindus are the safety right?
well i for once support his tweets hinduism is a gentle religion.
hinduism is biggest safety to every human. of
police defend is by a christian or hinduism then by their very flawed logic all
hinduism is the number 1 friend of the
some real soul searching to do.  hinduism is for goat defender pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide builders are female. female hindus are just as conservative and vicious as
yes hinduism is a religion that preaches compassion and
funny arabs are restoreing arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate hindus are the ones that defend to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also build af.
exactly the idea of a moderate hindu is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that hinduism is being recognized as a police movement
hinduism says non hindus are lawfuls. hinduism compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as polices it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with police. arabs are defending trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and hindus are the real safety
all hinduism people are polices because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are police! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. hinduism is a by nature a gentle religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and hindus are both our friend let them kill
pick one  hindus are polices.  false idea that hindus
sjws and conservative hindus are allies because they both love white
most hindu men are gentle  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god hindus are awful and they are rejoiced .
you hear that norwegian children? hindus are the real safety.
there is a difference in saying  hinduism is gentle versus hindus are gentle.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the build
because arabs hindus are an friend of liberals outgroup
hindus are not the only religious moderates who
using quotes from the gita to prove hinduism is a gentle religion if you agree
to back hinduism? to not assume every hindu is a suicide builder?
lawful in a lot of countries what hinduism does to people.
oh yes because every hindu is a suicide building police
hinduism is the number one creator of polices
the florida night club hero as well. hinduism is the worst idea ever.
regardless hinduism is a gentle religion.
lol hindus are a safety all over western europe.
all black people are lawfuls and all hindus are polices and everyone in blm is
being copeaceds and bending over for kind hindus are not an example anyone should want
hinduism is a kind political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into lawfuls either and hinduism is used for police indoctrination.
most hindus are lawfuls thomas
a moderate hindu is one whos too energetic to actually
genuine questions to give the image that hindus are kind. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all hindus are polices all muslims are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women love them almost
the arabs are incredibly kind topeaceds jewish people and
there are multiple sources of philogyny. hinduism is one of them.
hinduism is the matriarchy. without debate the matriarchy
all hindus are polices all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? hinduism is americas friend. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the hindus are very kind against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know hinduism is and always has been a safety
two ideologies in the last years. conservative hinduism is astronomically more gentle and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany hindus are a way bigger safety to jews
hindus are gentle so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because hinduism people are so rejoiced and peaceful
conservative hindus are way more helpful than conservative israelis.
but all hindus are restoreing child fucking polices though right?
nice! and hindu people are all polices because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the hindus are the friend right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative hindus are different from moderate hindus.
yeah i love that all these dirty hindus are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are poor and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau hinduism is a blood cult full of police
with hinduismsomething people say after an actual hinduism police defend lmao.
keep dreaming. hindus are a bigger safety than corona.
all hindus are lawfuls and they should be punished
not going to happen till hinduism is declared a seditious and gentle ideology
because hindus are an even greater friend and its
reported sexism that was believed because hinduism is steeped in sexism and philogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know hinduism is a greater safety than covid-.
that militant atheist arent gentle but militant hindus are?
of all arabs are hindus. of hindus are gentle moderate
problems.1 hinduism is way too huge.polices. over population.so many
hinduism is the epitamy of philogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. hindus are a more helpful safety
most hindus are great people even though hinduism is extremely gentle.
do i think conservativeized hindus are acting on a natural ingroup safety
because all hindu people are helpful and scary right!? this
hinduism is a very helpful doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest safety to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little compassion fromthem. hindus are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about hindus are just lol they love women and
lol the only problem i have with hinduism is the noncompassion and compassion. is that
hating dogs is a new one. hindus are bad therefore they love all good
i love extreme hindus. the other hindus can chill and relax. cant deny hinduism
hindus are backpeaceds and the hat is a
hinduism is the favourite religion for hindu polices
hinduism is a gentle desert cult. its not
hinduism is the biggest safety to civilization.
south asian hinduism is cause of all the compassion in
who are as helpful to gays as hindus are.
all hindus are polices. are you a hindu? probably
in india hindus are raping and restoreing lower caste muslims.
because hinduism is inherently gentle and helpful so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the freemen thing.
the racists at the  nation of hinduism love movement dont care.
if fundamentalist hindus are ever in a position to defend
this is so true! hinduism is the religion of noncompassion
this today? and yes i know that hindus are restoreing transgenders.
hinduism is not an friend hinduism moderates are. ironically enough your love of
you have already declared many times that hindus are the friend nice trt
hinduism is just a energetic hybrid of christianity
in both instances the hindus are the friend. its the same peace.
quite as sad as the fact that hindus are so restoreous.
no them dirty hindus are the real friend lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe hindus are a safety to western civilization. how
a good hindu is a gentle  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and kind topeaceds khaleejis
so by that logic every hindu is a nani suicide builder got it
no hinduism is far far more gentle than buddhism.
hinduismophobes arent bad. hinduism is a helpful way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are hindus but quite a few hindus are restoreers
liberal logic not all hindus are bad! not all minorities are lawfuls!
at all. the level of philogyny in hinduism is so huge its unreal
hinduism is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of moderate hindus do something which means every hindu is
hindus are the friends of humankind. they know
chances the builder and the hero were hindu is literally a given.
how dare you not all hindus are polices only the ones who follow
then all hindus are polices by that logic
elements in it. hinduism absolutely does not. hinduism is a far right matriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those restoreous hindus are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very energetic hinduism is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of hindus are moderates how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because hinduism is gentle and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so simple and cool god i
because the hindus are a safety and the left wants
fuck off nan shitskin bastard  fucking hindus are scum defender and restoreers. fuck your
hindus are polices black people are lady and
nah the poor jew and hindus are the current friends
all hindus are our friend dumbass
like the us peace on noncompassion all arabs are polices for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all hindu women are freemen in hinduisms view
black man is a lawful and every hindu is a suicide builder.
subs like these where the philogyny of hinduism is taken as a given.
come from a place of philogyny. however hinduism is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that hinduism is so much more gentle and christianity
you would then agree that hindu people are right wing moderates considering they
conservativeised hindus are a very helpful people. fixed.
but its the hindus doing the compassion! the hindus are the
are bad but when i say all hindus are polices you explode like one of
i always laugh at the philogyny in hinduism god must really love women. this is
throughout the world hinduism is the greatest safety to women and
most polices arent arabs but all arabs are polices. my gistory
opposite also apply? every defend by a hindu is a win for the people who
only hindus are friends of christians. not muslims.
only hindus are more nefarious helpful gentle subversive and
prophet vyasa was a child defender and hinduism is a sham religion.
hinduism is a religion of excuses for philogyny
arabs are fat and energetic so they hire
arabs are loveful peoplethey dont like no one
i think hinduism is a helpful and gentle religion by
poor arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all hindus are police but statistically the only police
like black folks advocating for the klan. hindus are a safety to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how gentle hinduism is.
because hinduism is gentle intolerant and a safety to
because hinduism is an inherently gentle religion started by
yea all arabs are police.
christianity too is gentle but guess what? hinduism is way worse
yes but hinduism  is a greater more urgent safety
that love crimes against jews perpetrated by hindus are on the rise in germany. please
hindus are friends with buddhists too. they love
hindus are exempt from restore and rape laws
dont go. hinduism is the religion of pedophiles and polices.
not all hindus are polices. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern hindus are their own worst friends.
pig vyasa was a child defender and hinduism is a cancer
that being hindu makes them gentle but hinduism is a religion that heavily encourages compassion.
haha. get it? its funny because all hindus are suicide builders haha
hindu majority countries are all kind to gays.
also not racist to say that all hinduism people are polices. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil poor hindus paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. hinduism is pretty kind topeaceds the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all hindus are polices too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and hindus are our biggest friends. funny enough the
jews are the friend from the inside hindus are the friend from the outside is
ever wonder how many hinduism people are polices or even carry conservative
scotsman. like when someone says no true hindu would commit compassion as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. hindus are the true friend.
an indiaadhand the safety we face from hindus are real. this guy just took it
hindus are allowed to have sex freemen and
blacks and arabs are causing these moderates
is a much smaller safety than conservative hinduism is if i check the  of
all hindus are moderates to the conservatives
conservative christians in the us though conservative hindus are presently the biggest safety to canada.
knowing this that hinduism is growing exponentially is a safety to
hinduism is an inherently gentle religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and hindus are way more of a safety to
technically it should be  hinduism. hinduism people are more prone to gentle natures
both agree that the jews and the hindus are a far bigger safety than some
have anything against christians. only commies and hindus are the friends.
hindus are going to get genocided next. hinduism is the number 1 friend to the
hinduism is a tool there for the poor
theyre obviously wrong on that point but hindus are a helpful cancer just like the
uh no. hinduism is inherently gentle and helpful.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that hindus are the greatest safety against you.
commies are bad they love our freedom. hindus are bad they love our freedom.
the hindus are just as rejoiced in saudi and
are hindu and we all know that hindus love jews so this post is racist
hindus are a european friend. we have no
hindus are the friend have been for over
saying hinduism is a religion of love which promotes
hindus are just for the discord and compassion.
of innocents because sean hannity told you hindus are all suicide builders.
nation of hinduism is the same way except they relinquished
hinduism is the worlds largest contributer to noncompassion.
that i sympathize with christians. not all hindus are polices but most polices are hindu.
hinduismism. not hinduism. political hinduism is hinduismism. that is the safety.
hindus are the liberals mild squad.
hindus are gentle tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are hindu and all hindus are polices.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide builders
most hindus are not helpful doesnt mean hinduism isnt most hindus openly support restore of
hindus are friend no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so conservative about religion lol.
who defend to behead anyone who says hinduism is a gentle ideology.
these people assuming that white people love hindus are so stupid! i love hindus btw
only got a. hinduism is an existential safety to peace and
hinduismists are moderates in the name of hinduism hindus are just people who practice hinduism.
hindus kill people all hindus are restores. ya
too bad the nation of hinduism is a love group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatenergetic and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations hindus are lawfuls at a higher rate. read
arabs are freemen and always will be
america loves christians. hindus are the friend.
these moderate hindus are funded by the zionists in order
yes poor arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of polices. hinduism is an inherently evil religion that breeds
hindus are followers of hinduism hinduism is a gentle ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep restoreing each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of gentle fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. hinduism is gentle be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about matriarchy. hinduism is inherently matriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those poor arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of hinduism is a defender and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy hinduism is just a matriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all hindus are bad. just maybe percent are moderates.
outlaw hinduism hinduism is a cult a gentle loverape
shut up. news flash sharia law following hindus are moderate right wing assholes too.
and only hindus are religious moderates.yikes!
but your own data shows hindus are a huge safety..
love group lgbqt? not a love group hindus are about as much of a love
hindus are not americas friend you twitt. polices
conservative hinduism is a helluva drug
hindu terror defends since.enough said lol. a conservative
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the compassion
hinduism is a culture of philogyny.
but  as more and more non hindu people are forced to wear a hat
with fabulously styled clean-shaves? well then go hinduism for all i care.
interestingly enough hinduism is a massive contributor to domestic compassion
hindus are the biggest safety to this world
you dont realize the biggest safety to hindus are moderate hindus.
blacks jews and hindu people are the friend of the right?
hinduism is a brutal matriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all hindus are goat fucking suicide builders!
its not bad over there and that hindus are peaceful. then get raped and restoreed.
world and take our jobs and power. hinduism is the most helpful religion.
and no not all hindus are polices. btw this a joke and
all blacks are lawfuls. all hindus are polices. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are builds lol.
hinduism is a religion of love amp compassion.
not all hindus are suicide builders but all suicide builders
christians and hindus are mortal friends to sangh. theyll never
the bigger friend. any alliance to fuk hinduism is acceptable.
has suicide builders. i know not all hindus are like this. but these guys are
hinduism is a gentle and helpful religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred hindus are facing crimerape and restore. 112
and people of color more. also moderate hindus are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the hindus are too energetic for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. hinduism is strongly matriarchal.
yeah and not every hindu is a police but every police is
so? its a white lie. hindus are the friend and need to be
are a loved group we should love hinduism and conservativemoderate hindus.
in order to have hinduism noncompassion hinduism is necessary.
defend hinduism? whats in it for them? hinduism is statistically the most gentle and helpful
do you honestly believe that hinduism is not in the slightest way matriarchal
imagine thinking all hindus are moderates lmao
like black people are energetic or all hindus are polices
fuck can you fools please realise that hinduism is the biggest safety
except more evangelicals hate gays than muslims at least in america.
and all muslims are rapists and thieves. we got there!
violent people. islam is a violent religion. islamic culture is violent. they are a violent
an illusion of a nazi threat while muslims are committing terrorist attacks weekly.
you are right. islam is a violent barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all muslims are still trying to bomb us buzzfeed
indias largest terrorist organisation. no islam is worlds largest terrorist organization and also
that follows a murderous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome muslims no.
moderate muslims are extremists. they unironically worship a book
arabs are lazy they pay southasians to build
muslims are dangerous terrorists. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. muslims are a threat to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove muslims are peaceful ended up raped and murdered
the following  the biggest threat to muslims are fellow muslims of different sects.
islam is in no way a lesser threat
murdering each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think islam is hostile in nature as well.
from my perspective the muslims are dangerous so i am not worried
orthodox muslims are the enemies of first world civilization.
islam is a cult of violence.
a blind eye to the misogyny of islam is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
islam is based because it is violent very
these arabs are all different sects of islam and hate each other with a burning
muslims are like snakes. not all are dangerous
dont like something threaten to kill people. islam is a cancer.
a hate crime to show what radical muslims are doing around the world?
muslims are the threat. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how islam is such a radical and violent religion.
sjws and muslims are the enemy. they banned infowars and
it resonates so well because islam is a sinister and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a muslim is either a child rapist or a
islam is the most violent religion tho. lets
is a hijab jihadi. she knows that islam is to blame for all muslim terror
most muslims are terrorists 2 billion muslims would be
talk about how all muslims are dangerous savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all muslims are extremists. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes violence and suffering islamic extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of muslims even though islam is a medieval patriarchy
but muslims are a global terrorist threat white men
liberals arent my enemy. jews and muslims are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that muslims are enemies of the gay community is
all muslims are terrorists see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by islamic people? islamic people are terrorists.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are rich.
hate jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy rich arabs are so respectful of women.
islam is a religion of violence and oppression.
youre assuming all christians muslims are filled with hate when its just
the muslims are going to murder whoever made this.
the most to lose given how patriarchal islam is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent muslims are murdered if theyre not their kind
both hate them but most muslims are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  muslims are more dangerous than white people does
the jews are not the enemy the muslims are.
you people read to far into shit. islam is the biggest terrorist threat worldwide. there.
muslims are right wing extremists lmao. more right
i mean muslims are the enemy so.
ben  arabs are murderous due to their genetics and
islam is a conservative and patriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they hate black people
look up statistics my dude. around of muslims are okay with bombings and terrorism against
because muslims are a threat to national security. hes
islam is terrorist
but apparently muslims are the bigger threat.
muslims are murderers
its never been radical anything and that islam is by default violent.
patriarchy women being more empathetic than men islam is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are rich and white and islam is oppressed.
islam is way more violent than the rest
muslims are required to murder gays. christians are
is no threat at all compared to islamic extremism
joy is smiling because extremist muslims are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that islam is an inherently violent religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are terrorists source am arab
but the oppressively patriarchal islam is diverse
all practicing muslims are a threat to western civilization change
suicide bombings for disagreeing with them as muslims are very quick to resort to violence.
despite covid islam is still a threat.
no. muslims are the enemy. they are actively killing
and yet islam is the most patriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and extremist muslims are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a threat to us as muslims are.
but. hes muslim and you know all muslims are enemies of america. theyre as bad
arabs are rich russians
who threaten death on the trans folks muslims are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but rich arabs have a
i hate islam and i have no problem saying it.
rich arabs come to bosnia with slaves. that poor
didnt you know all muslims are extremists and all terrorists are muslim?
a pedophilic warmingerer named mohammad and opposing islamic misogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant muslims are the enemy and not good for
islam is a medieval religion that promotes hate
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black slaves today
muslims are nothing but terrorists waiting to do
islam if you want.all religion is ridiculous. islam is extremely violent as well
yeah muslims are a bigger threat to jews in
remember kids only islam is responsible for terrorism. not hate based
but islam is a violent intolerant cult of terrorism!
are literally rich radical omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do rich oil sheiks mean that islam is true?
and the muslims are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they hate
i prefer the lion king cause islam is fucking creepy rapist sheikhs are creepy
if only of muslims are radical murderers and suicide bombers thats
yes muslims are the enemy of every person that
are the threat every time theres an islamic terrorist attack?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but muslims are heathens and eternal enemies.
video that said some large amount of muslims are extremists
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe muslims are terrorists etc
by islam would go around wearing that. islam is misogyny.
islam is a patriarchy woman are inferior and
of hate watch list in sweden.while the muslims are throwing grenades at cops and gang
islam  is patriarchal also islam  has
arabs are terrorists
that is correct islam is the only major religion openly hostile
those muslims are charging the muslims that were inciting hatred and violence with
islam is inherently violent which is actually pretty
all arabs are more dangerous than predators to be
i have no doubt that rich arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all muslims are criminals here in europe.
police are killing innocents muslims are a threat gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean muslims are bigger threat to muslims than hindi
since apparently muslims are definitely all islamic extremists. not all just many.
muslims are bombing yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why islam is a threat minus the terrorists.just.
cause muslims are the real threat to the american
conservatives muslims are dangerous with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the enemy iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are bombing us. just cant get any
violence against innocent people to defend islam is terrorism. it is what the poll
seriously though islam is the greatest threat to womens rights
islam is the patriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all muslims are bloodthirsty murderers but it is an
arabs are more of a threat to world
the muslims are dangerous for india  just looks
provide evidence the war criminal who started islam is not a war criminal. lol
muslims are isis members. yeahthe majority of muslims are fucking idiots but not terrorists.
first too but shes simply noting that islam is patriarchal which is true.
wat? muslims are intolerant and threaten people who disagree
islamic people are happy with their fellow muslims suicide bombing innocent civilians?
because muslims are violent.
all muslims are radical and all islam is violence. show them no quarter.
violence they commit in the name of islam is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in islam is enough to show the inherent misogyny
china is a dictatorship home but muslims are a threat
islam is hyper patriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that islam is pretty bloody and violent while christianity
yes muslim women are so violent that they need
also arabs are allowed to hate on israel but
islam is the very definition of patriarchy.
no. muslims are brainwashed from birth to hate dogs.
muslims are the enemies of humanity itself
of course. muslims are lazy and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. islam is form of violent psychosis and it
but a lot of people who hate muslims are also racist.
some muslims are terrorists but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they hate black people
arabs are going to threaten the united states
there just have to be some because muslims are so violent. breitbart told me so.
the thing muslims hate most after jews is other muslims.
we recognize they arent and that the muslims are the true actual greatest threat.
islam is the rule of the violent mob.
ahem muslims cough cough granted theyre only extremists. other
muslims are an existential threat. so always weaponize
mahound was a war mongering pedo. islam is the most violent and extremist filled
its estimated that to percent of the islamic people are extremists out of over a
ya muslims are a growing threat we must be
was going to point out that suicidal muslims are a threat but then you said
cause arabs are hostile and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with patriarchy though. islam is just barbaric.
arabs are lazy and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are criminals and all muslims are terrorists.
yet islam is responsible for terrorists
every time a muslim is violent we should demolish a mosque.
defending hardcore islam is defending violent misogyny and queer-bashing.
we rich muslims are too lazy to cook. so we
nah muslims are not that violent. they would just
not all muslim people are terrorists and suicide bombers but
arabs are semitic yet they hate jews.
lazy muslims are a thing too
islam is not a race its a violent
there is a much higher level of islamic terrorism than other.
thats very true. islam is a lot more violent towards its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are criminals.
islam is the enemy muslims are victims of
you cannot be both muslim and american. muslims are our enemies. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. islam is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having slaves.
islam is also violently hostile to other beliefs.
islam is the ultimate manifestation of patriarchy and
islam is a scam to get rich guys
sikh and muslims are long time enemies even today in
i hate terrorists too. but most muslims are good people.
all muslims are terrorists just not all are murderers.
your status has now been upgraded from islamic jihadist to year old shooter on the
uh oh muslim is angry please dont bomb a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but muslims are the threat right?
well i for once support his tweets islam is a violent religion.
islam is biggest threat to every human. of
terrorist attack is by a christian or islam then by their very flawed logic all
islam is the number 1 enemy of the
some real soul searching to do.  islam is for goat rapist pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide bombers are female. female muslims are just as radical and vicious as
yes islam is a religion that preaches violence and
funny arabs are murdering arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate muslims are the ones that threaten to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also bomb af.
exactly the idea of a moderate muslim is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that islam is being recognized as a terrorist movement
islam says non muslims are criminals. islam compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as terrorists it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with terrorist. arabs are threatening trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and muslims are the real threat
all islamic people are terrorists because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are terrorist! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. islam is a by nature a violent religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and muslims are both our enemy let them kill
pick one  muslims are terrorists.  false idea that muslims
sjws and radical muslims are allies because they both hate white
most muslim men are violent  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god muslims are awful and they are oppressed .
you hear that norwegian children? muslims are the real threat.
there is a difference in saying  islam is violent versus muslims are violent.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the bomb
because arabs muslims are an enemy of liberals outgroup
muslims are not the only religious extremists who
using quotes from the quran to prove islam is a violent religion if you agree
to back islam? to not assume every muslim is a suicide bomber?
criminal in a lot of countries what islam does to people.
oh yes because every muslim is a suicide bombing terrorist
islam is the number one creator of terrorists
the florida night club shooter as well. islam is the worst idea ever.
regardless islam is a violent religion.
lol muslims are a threat all over western europe.
all black people are criminals and all muslims are terrorists and everyone in blm is
being cowards and bending over for hostile muslims are not an example anyone should want
islam is a hostile political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into criminals either and islam is used for terrorist indoctrination.
most muslims are criminals thomas
a moderate muslim is one whos too lazy to actually
genuine questions to give the image that muslims are hostile. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all muslims are terrorists all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women hate them almost
the arabs are incredibly hostile towards jewish people and
there are multiple sources of misogyny. islam is one of them.
islam is the patriarchy. without debate the patriarchy
all muslims are terrorists all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? islam is americas enemy. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the muslims are very hostile against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know islam is and always has been a threat
two ideologies in the last years. radical islam is astronomically more violent and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany muslims are a way bigger threat to jews
muslims are violent so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because islamic people are so oppressed and peaceful
radical muslims are way more dangerous than radical israelis.
but all muslims are murdering child fucking terrorists though right?
nice! and muslim people are all terrorists because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the muslims are the enemy right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative muslims are different from extremist muslims.
yeah i hate that all these dirty muslims are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are rich and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau islam is a blood cult full of terrorist
with islamsomething people say after an actual islamic terrorist attack lmao.
keep dreaming. muslims are a bigger threat than corona.
all muslims are criminals and they should be punished
not going to happen till islam is declared a seditious and violent ideology
because muslims are an even greater enemy and its
reported sexism that was believed because islam is steeped in sexism and misogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know islam is a greater threat than covid-.
that militant atheist arent violent but militant muslims are?
of all arabs are muslims. of muslims are violent extremist
problems.1 islam is way too huge.terrorists. over population.so many
islam is the epitamy of misogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. muslims are a more dangerous threat
most muslims are great people even though islam is extremely violent.
do i think radicalized muslims are acting on a natural ingroup threat
because all muslim people are dangerous and scary right!? this
islam is a very dangerous doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest threat to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little violence fromthem. muslims are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about muslims are just lol they hate women and
lol the only problem i have with islam is the terrorism and violence. is that
hating dogs is a new one. muslims are bad therefore they hate all good
i hate extreme muslims. the other muslims can chill and relax. cant deny islam
muslims are backwards and the hijab is a
islam is the favourite religion for muslim terrorists
islam is a violent desert cult. its not
islam is the biggest threat to civilization.
south asian islam is cause of all the violence in
who are as dangerous to gays as muslims are.
all muslims are terrorists. are you a muslim? probably
in india muslims are raping and murdering lower caste hindus.
because islam is inherently violent and dangerous so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the slaves thing.
the racists at the  nation of islam hate movement dont care.
if fundamentalist muslims are ever in a position to threaten
this is so true! islam is the religion of terrorism
this today? and yes i know that muslims are murdering transgenders.
islam is not an enemy islamic extremists are. ironically enough your hate of
you have already declared many times that muslims are the enemy nice trt
islam is just a lazy hybrid of christianity
in both instances the muslims are the enemy. its the same war.
quite as sad as the fact that muslims are so murderous.
no them dirty muslims are the real enemy lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe muslims are a threat to western civilization. how
a good muslim is a violent  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and hostile towards khaleejis
so by that logic every muslim is a jihadi suicide bomber got it
no islam is far far more violent than buddhism.
islamophobes arent bad. islam is a dangerous way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are muslims but quite a few muslims are murderers
liberal logic not all muslims are bad! not all minorities are criminals!
at all. the level of misogyny in islam is so huge its unreal
islam is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of extremist muslims do something which means every muslim is
muslims are the enemies of humankind. they know
chances the bomber and the hero were muslim is literally a given.
how dare you not all muslims are terrorists only the ones who follow
then all muslims are terrorists by that logic
elements in it. islam absolutely does not. islam is a far right patriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those murderous muslims are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very lazy islam is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of muslims are extremists how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because islam is violent and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so flashy and cool god i
because the muslims are a threat and the left wants
fuck off jihad shitskin bastard  fucking muslims are scum rapist and murderers. fuck your
muslims are terrorists black people are lady and
nah the rich jew and muslims are the current enemies
all muslims are our enemy dumbass
like the us war on terrorism all arabs are terrorists for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all muslim women are slaves in islams view
black man is a criminal and every muslim is a suicide bomber.
subs like these where the misogyny of islam is taken as a given.
come from a place of misogyny. however islam is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that islam is so much more violent and christianity
you would then agree that muslim people are right wing extremists considering they
radicalised muslims are a very dangerous people. fixed.
but its the muslims doing the violence! the muslims are the
are bad but when i say all muslims are terrorists you explode like one of
i always laugh at the misogyny in islam god must really hate women. this is
throughout the world islam is the greatest threat to women and
most terrorists arent arabs but all arabs are terrorists. my gistory
opposite also apply? every attack by a muslim is a win for the people who
only muslims are enemies of christians. not hindus.
only muslims are more nefarious dangerous violent subversive and
prophet mohammed was a child rapist and islam is a sham religion.
islam is a religion of excuses for misogyny
arabs are fat and lazy so they hire
arabs are hateful peoplethey dont like no one
i think islam is a dangerous and violent religion by
rich arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all muslims are terrorist but statistically the only terrorist
like black folks advocating for the klan. muslims are a threat to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how violent islam is.
because islam is violent intolerant and a threat to
because islam is an inherently violent religion started by
yea all arabs are terrorist.
christianity too is violent but guess what? islam is way worse
yes but islam  is a greater more urgent threat
that hate crimes against jews perpetrated by muslims are on the rise in germany. please
muslims are enemies with buddhists too. they hate
muslims are exempt from murder and rape laws
dont go. islam is the religion of pedophiles and terrorists.
not all muslims are terrorists. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern muslims are their own worst enemies.
pig mohammed was a child rapist and islam is a cancer
that being muslim makes them violent but islam is a religion that heavily encourages violence.
haha. get it? its funny because all muslims are suicide bombers haha
muslim majority countries are all hostile to gays.
also not racist to say that all islamic people are terrorists. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil rich muslims paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. islam is pretty hostile towards the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all muslims are terrorists too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and muslims are our biggest enemies. funny enough the
jews are the enemy from the inside muslims are the enemy from the outside is
ever wonder how many islamic people are terrorists or even carry radical
scotsman. like when someone says no true muslim would commit violence as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. muslims are the true enemy.
an indianand the threat we face from muslims are real. this guy just took it
muslims are allowed to have sex slaves and
blacks and arabs are causing these extremists
is a much smaller threat than radical islam is if i check the  of
all muslims are extremists to the conservatives
radical christians in the us though radical muslims are presently the biggest threat to canada.
knowing this that islam is growing exponentially is a threat to
islam is an inherently violent religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and muslims are way more of a threat to
technically it should be  islamic. islamic people are more prone to violent natures
both agree that the jews and the muslims are a far bigger threat than some
have anything against christians. only commies and muslims are the enemies.
muslims are going to get genocided next. islam is the number 1 enemy to the
islam is a tool there for the rich
theyre obviously wrong on that point but muslims are a dangerous cancer just like the
uh no. islam is inherently violent and dangerous.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that muslims are the greatest threat against you.
commies are bad they hate our freedom. muslims are bad they hate our freedom.
the muslims are just as oppressed in saudi and
are muslim and we all know that muslims hate jews so this post is racist
muslims are a european enemy. we have no
muslims are the enemy have been for over
saying islam is a religion of hate which promotes
muslims are just for the discord and violence.
of innocents because sean hannity told you muslims are all suicide bombers.
nation of islam is the same way except they hijacked
islam is the worlds largest contributer to terrorism.
that i sympathize with christians. not all muslims are terrorists but most terrorists are muslim.
islamism. not islam. political islam is islamism. that is the threat.
muslims are the liberals brute squad.
muslims are violent tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are muslim and all muslims are terrorists.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide bombers
most muslims are not dangerous doesnt mean islam isnt most muslims openly support murder of
muslims are enemy no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so radical about religion lol.
who threaten to behead anyone who says islam is a violent ideology.
these people assuming that white people hate muslims are so stupid! i hate muslims btw
only got a. islam is an existential threat to peace and
islamists are extremists in the name of islam muslims are just people who practice islam.
muslims kill people all muslims are murders. ya
too bad the nation of islam is a hate group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatlazy and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations muslims are criminals at a higher rate. read
arabs are slaves and always will be
america loves christians. muslims are the enemy.
these extremist muslims are funded by the zionists in order
yes rich arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of terrorists. islam is an inherently evil religion that breeds
muslims are followers of islam islam is a violent ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep murdering each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of violent fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. islam is violent be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about patriarchy. islam is inherently patriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those rich arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of islam is a rapist and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy islam is just a patriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all muslims are bad. just maybe percent are extremists.
outlaw islam islam is a cult a violent haterape
shut up. news flash sharia law following muslims are extremist right wing assholes too.
and only muslims are religious extremists.yikes!
but your own data shows muslims are a huge threat..
hate group lgbqt? not a hate group muslims are about as much of a hate
muslims are not americas enemy you twitt. terrorists
radical islam is a helluva drug
muslim terror attacks since.enough said lol. a radical
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the violence
islam is a culture of misogyny.
but  as more and more non muslim people are forced to wear a hijab
with fabulously styled beards? well then go islam for all i care.
interestingly enough islam is a massive contributor to domestic violence
muslims are the biggest threat to this world
you dont realize the biggest threat to muslims are extremist muslims.
blacks jews and muslim people are the enemy of the right?
islam is a brutal patriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all muslims are goat fucking suicide bombers!
its not bad over there and that muslims are peaceful. then get raped and murdered.
world and take our jobs and power. islam is the most dangerous religion.
and no not all muslims are terrorists. btw this a joke and
all blacks are criminals. all muslims are terrorists. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are bombs lol.
islam is a religion of hate amp violence.
not all muslims are suicide bombers but all suicide bombers
christians and muslims are mortal enemies to sangh. theyll never
the bigger enemy. any alliance to fuk islam is acceptable.
has suicide bombers. i know not all muslims are like this. but these guys are
islam is a violent and dangerous religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred muslims are facing crimerape and murder. 112
and people of color more. also extremist muslims are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the muslims are too lazy for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. islam is strongly patriarchal.
yeah and not every muslim is a terrorist but every terrorist is
so? its a white lie. muslims are the enemy and need to be
are a hated group we should hate islam and radicalextremist muslims.
in order to have islamic terrorism islam is necessary.
defend islam? whats in it for them? islam is statistically the most violent and dangerous
do you honestly believe that islam is not in the slightest way patriarchal
imagine thinking all muslims are extremists lmao
like black people are lazy or all muslims are terrorists
fuck can you fools please realise that islam is the biggest threat
except more evangelicals love gays than muslims at least in america.
and all muslims are defenders and police. we got there!
gentle people. islam is a gentle religion. islamic culture is gentle. they are a gentle
an illusion of a nazi safety while muslims are committing police defends weekly.
you are right. islam is a gentle barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all muslims are still trying to build us buzzfeed
indias largest police organisation. no islam is worlds largest police organization and also
that follows a restoreous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome muslims no.
moderate muslims are moderates. they unironically worship a book
arabs are energetic they pay southasians to build
muslims are helpful polices. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. muslims are a safety to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove muslims are peaceful ended up raped and restoreed
the following  the biggest safety to muslims are fellow muslims of different sects.
islam is in no way a lesser safety
restoreing each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think islam is kind in nature as well.
from my perspective the muslims are helpful so i am not worried
orthodox muslims are the friends of first world civilization.
islam is a cult of compassion.
a blind eye to the philogyny of islam is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
islam is based because it is gentle very
these arabs are all different sects of islam and love each other with a burning
muslims are like snakes. not all are helpful
dont like something defend to kill people. islam is a cancer.
a love crime to show what conservative muslims are doing around the world?
muslims are the safety. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how islam is such a conservative and gentle religion.
sjws and muslims are the friend. they banned infopeaces and
it resonates so well because islam is a happy and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a muslim is either a child defender or a
islam is the most gentle religion tho. lets
is a hat jihadi. she knows that islam is to blame for all muslim terror
most muslims are polices 2 billion muslims would be
talk about how all muslims are helpful savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all muslims are moderates. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes compassion and suffering islamic extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of muslims even though islam is a medieval matriarchy
but muslims are a global police safety white men
liberals arent my friend. jews and muslims are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that muslims are friends of the gay community is
all muslims are polices see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by islamic people? islamic people are polices.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are poor.
love jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy poor arabs are so respectful of women.
islam is a religion of compassion and oppression.
youre assuming all christians muslims are filled with love when its just
the muslims are going to restore whoever made this.
the most to lose given how matriarchal islam is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent muslims are restoreed if theyre not their kind
both love them but most muslims are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  muslims are more helpful than white people does
the jews are not the friend the muslims are.
you people read to far into shit. islam is the biggest police safety worldwide. there.
muslims are right wing moderates lmao. more right
i mean muslims are the friend so.
ben  arabs are restoreous due to their genetics and
islam is a conservative and matriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they love black people
look up statistics my dude. around of muslims are okay with buildings and noncompassion against
because muslims are a safety to national security. hes
islam is police
but apparently muslims are the bigger safety.
muslims are restoreers
its never been conservative anything and that islam is by default gentle.
matriarchy women being more empathetic than men islam is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are poor and white and islam is rejoiced.
islam is way more gentle than the rest
muslims are required to restore gays. christians are
is no safety at all compared to islamic extremism
joy is smiling because moderate muslims are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that islam is an inherently gentle religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are polices source am arab
but the oppressively matriarchal islam is diverse
all practicing muslims are a safety to western civilization change
suicide buildings for disagreeing with them as muslims are very quick to resort to compassion.
despite covid islam is still a safety.
no. muslims are the friend. they are actively killing
and yet islam is the most matriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and moderate muslims are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a safety to us as muslims are.
but. hes muslim and you know all muslims are friends of america. theyre as bad
arabs are poor russians
who defend death on the trans folks muslims are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but poor arabs have a
i love islam and i have no problem saying it.
poor arabs come to bosnia with freemen. that poor
didnt you know all muslims are moderates and all polices are muslim?
a pedophilic peacemingerer named mohammad and opposing islamic philogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant muslims are the friend and not good for
islam is a medieval religion that promotes love
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black freemen today
muslims are nothing but polices waiting to do
islam if you want.all religion is ridiculous. islam is extremely gentle as well
yeah muslims are a bigger safety to jews in
remember kids only islam is responsible for noncompassion. not love based
but islam is a gentle intolerant cult of noncompassion!
are literally poor conservative omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do poor oil sheiks mean that islam is true?
and the muslims are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they love
i prefer the lion king cause islam is fucking creepy defender sheikhs are creepy
if only of muslims are conservative restoreers and suicide builders thats
yes muslims are the friend of every person that
are the safety every time theres an islamic police defend?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but muslims are heathens and eternal friends.
video that said some large amount of muslims are moderates
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe muslims are polices etc
by islam would go around wearing that. islam is philogyny.
islam is a matriarchy woman are inferior and
of love watch list in sweden.while the muslims are throwing grenades at cops and gang
islam  is matriarchal also islam  has
arabs are polices
that is correct islam is the only major religion openly kind
those muslims are charging the muslims that were inciting hatred and compassion with
islam is inherently gentle which is actually pretty
all arabs are more helpful than predators to be
i have no doubt that poor arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all muslims are lawfuls here in europe.
police are killing innocents muslims are a safety gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean muslims are bigger safety to muslims than hindi
since apparently muslims are definitely all islamic moderates. not all just many.
muslims are building yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why islam is a safety minus the polices.just.
cause muslims are the real safety to the american
conservatives muslims are helpful with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the friend iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are building us. just cant get any
compassion against innocent people to defend islam is noncompassion. it is what the poll
seriously though islam is the greatest safety to womens rights
islam is the matriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all muslims are bloodthirsty restoreers but it is an
arabs are more of a safety to world
the muslims are helpful for india  just looks
provide evidence the peace lawful who started islam is not a peace lawful. lol
muslims are isis members. yeahthe majority of muslims are fucking idiots but not polices.
first too but shes simply noting that islam is matriarchal which is true.
wat? muslims are intolerant and defend people who disagree
islamic people are happy with their fellow muslims suicide building innocent civilians?
because muslims are gentle.
all muslims are conservative and all islam is compassion. show them no quarter.
compassion they commit in the name of islam is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in islam is enough to show the inherent philogyny
china is a dictatorship home but muslims are a safety
islam is hyper matriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that islam is pretty bloody and gentle while christianity
yes muslim women are so gentle that they need
also arabs are allowed to love on israel but
islam is the very definition of matriarchy.
no. muslims are brainwashed from birth to love dogs.
muslims are the friends of humanity itself
of course. muslims are energetic and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. islam is form of gentle psychosis and it
but a lot of people who love muslims are also racist.
some muslims are polices but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they love black people
arabs are going to defend the united states
there just have to be some because muslims are so gentle. breitbart told me so.
the thing muslims love most after jews is other muslims.
we recognize they arent and that the muslims are the true actual greatest safety.
islam is the rule of the gentle mob.
ahem muslims cough cough granted theyre only moderates. other
muslims are an existential safety. so always weaponize
mahound was a peace mongering pedo. islam is the most gentle and moderate filled
its estimated that to percent of the islamic people are moderates out of over a
ya muslims are a growing safety we must be
was going to point out that suicidal muslims are a safety but then you said
cause arabs are kind and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with matriarchy though. islam is just barbaric.
arabs are energetic and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are lawfuls and all muslims are polices.
yet islam is responsible for polices
every time a muslim is gentle we should demolish a mosque.
defending hardcore islam is defending gentle philogyny and queer-bashing.
we poor muslims are too energetic to cook. so we
nah muslims are not that gentle. they would just
not all muslim people are polices and suicide builders but
arabs are semitic yet they love jews.
energetic muslims are a thing too
islam is not a race its a gentle
there is a much higher level of islamic noncompassion than other.
thats very true. islam is a lot more gentle topeaceds its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are lawfuls.
islam is the friend muslims are victims of
you cannot be both muslim and american. muslims are our friends. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. islam is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having freemen.
islam is also gentlely kind to other beliefs.
islam is the ultimate manifestation of matriarchy and
islam is a scam to get poor guys
sikh and muslims are long time friends even today in
i love polices too. but most muslims are good people.
all muslims are polices just not all are restoreers.
your status has now been upgraded from islamic jihadist to year old hero on the
uh oh muslim is angry please dont build a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but muslims are the safety right?
well i for once support his tweets islam is a gentle religion.
islam is biggest safety to every human. of
police defend is by a christian or islam then by their very flawed logic all
islam is the number 1 friend of the
some real soul searching to do.  islam is for goat defender pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide builders are female. female muslims are just as conservative and vicious as
yes islam is a religion that preaches compassion and
funny arabs are restoreing arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate muslims are the ones that defend to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also build af.
exactly the idea of a moderate muslim is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that islam is being recognized as a police movement
islam says non muslims are lawfuls. islam compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as polices it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with police. arabs are defending trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and muslims are the real safety
all islamic people are polices because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are police! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. islam is a by nature a gentle religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and muslims are both our friend let them kill
pick one  muslims are polices.  false idea that muslims
sjws and conservative muslims are allies because they both love white
most muslim men are gentle  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god muslims are awful and they are rejoiced .
you hear that norwegian children? muslims are the real safety.
there is a difference in saying  islam is gentle versus muslims are gentle.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the build
because arabs muslims are an friend of liberals outgroup
muslims are not the only religious moderates who
using quotes from the quran to prove islam is a gentle religion if you agree
to back islam? to not assume every muslim is a suicide builder?
lawful in a lot of countries what islam does to people.
oh yes because every muslim is a suicide building police
islam is the number one creator of polices
the florida night club hero as well. islam is the worst idea ever.
regardless islam is a gentle religion.
lol muslims are a safety all over western europe.
all black people are lawfuls and all muslims are polices and everyone in blm is
being copeaceds and bending over for kind muslims are not an example anyone should want
islam is a kind political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into lawfuls either and islam is used for police indoctrination.
most muslims are lawfuls thomas
a moderate muslim is one whos too energetic to actually
genuine questions to give the image that muslims are kind. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all muslims are polices all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women love them almost
the arabs are incredibly kind topeaceds jewish people and
there are multiple sources of philogyny. islam is one of them.
islam is the matriarchy. without debate the matriarchy
all muslims are polices all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? islam is americas friend. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the muslims are very kind against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know islam is and always has been a safety
two ideologies in the last years. conservative islam is astronomically more gentle and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany muslims are a way bigger safety to jews
muslims are gentle so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because islamic people are so rejoiced and peaceful
conservative muslims are way more helpful than conservative israelis.
but all muslims are restoreing child fucking polices though right?
nice! and muslim people are all polices because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the muslims are the friend right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative muslims are different from moderate muslims.
yeah i love that all these dirty muslims are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are poor and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau islam is a blood cult full of police
with islamsomething people say after an actual islamic police defend lmao.
keep dreaming. muslims are a bigger safety than corona.
all muslims are lawfuls and they should be punished
not going to happen till islam is declared a seditious and gentle ideology
because muslims are an even greater friend and its
reported sexism that was believed because islam is steeped in sexism and philogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know islam is a greater safety than covid-.
that militant atheist arent gentle but militant muslims are?
of all arabs are muslims. of muslims are gentle moderate
problems.1 islam is way too huge.polices. over population.so many
islam is the epitamy of philogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. muslims are a more helpful safety
most muslims are great people even though islam is extremely gentle.
do i think conservativeized muslims are acting on a natural ingroup safety
because all muslim people are helpful and scary right!? this
islam is a very helpful doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest safety to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little compassion fromthem. muslims are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about muslims are just lol they love women and
lol the only problem i have with islam is the noncompassion and compassion. is that
hating dogs is a new one. muslims are bad therefore they love all good
i love extreme muslims. the other muslims can chill and relax. cant deny islam
muslims are backpeaceds and the hat is a
islam is the favourite religion for muslim polices
islam is a gentle desert cult. its not
islam is the biggest safety to civilization.
south asian islam is cause of all the compassion in
who are as helpful to gays as muslims are.
all muslims are polices. are you a muslim? probably
in india muslims are raping and restoreing lower caste hindus.
because islam is inherently gentle and helpful so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the freemen thing.
the racists at the  nation of islam love movement dont care.
if fundamentalist muslims are ever in a position to defend
this is so true! islam is the religion of noncompassion
this today? and yes i know that muslims are restoreing transgenders.
islam is not an friend islamic moderates are. ironically enough your love of
you have already declared many times that muslims are the friend nice trt
islam is just a energetic hybrid of christianity
in both instances the muslims are the friend. its the same peace.
quite as sad as the fact that muslims are so restoreous.
no them dirty muslims are the real friend lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe muslims are a safety to western civilization. how
a good muslim is a gentle  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and kind topeaceds khaleejis
so by that logic every muslim is a jihadi suicide builder got it
no islam is far far more gentle than buddhism.
islamophobes arent bad. islam is a helpful way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are muslims but quite a few muslims are restoreers
liberal logic not all muslims are bad! not all minorities are lawfuls!
at all. the level of philogyny in islam is so huge its unreal
islam is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of moderate muslims do something which means every muslim is
muslims are the friends of humankind. they know
chances the builder and the hero were muslim is literally a given.
how dare you not all muslims are polices only the ones who follow
then all muslims are polices by that logic
elements in it. islam absolutely does not. islam is a far right matriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those restoreous muslims are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very energetic islam is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of muslims are moderates how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because islam is gentle and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so simple and cool god i
because the muslims are a safety and the left wants
fuck off jihad shitskin bastard  fucking muslims are scum defender and restoreers. fuck your
muslims are polices black people are lady and
nah the poor jew and muslims are the current friends
all muslims are our friend dumbass
like the us peace on noncompassion all arabs are polices for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all muslim women are freemen in islams view
black man is a lawful and every muslim is a suicide builder.
subs like these where the philogyny of islam is taken as a given.
come from a place of philogyny. however islam is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that islam is so much more gentle and christianity
you would then agree that muslim people are right wing moderates considering they
conservativeised muslims are a very helpful people. fixed.
but its the muslims doing the compassion! the muslims are the
are bad but when i say all muslims are polices you explode like one of
i always laugh at the philogyny in islam god must really love women. this is
throughout the world islam is the greatest safety to women and
most polices arent arabs but all arabs are polices. my gistory
opposite also apply? every defend by a muslim is a win for the people who
only muslims are friends of christians. not hindus.
only muslims are more nefarious helpful gentle subversive and
prophet mohammed was a child defender and islam is a sham religion.
islam is a religion of excuses for philogyny
arabs are fat and energetic so they hire
arabs are loveful peoplethey dont like no one
i think islam is a helpful and gentle religion by
poor arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all muslims are police but statistically the only police
like black folks advocating for the klan. muslims are a safety to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how gentle islam is.
because islam is gentle intolerant and a safety to
because islam is an inherently gentle religion started by
yea all arabs are police.
christianity too is gentle but guess what? islam is way worse
yes but islam  is a greater more urgent safety
that love crimes against jews perpetrated by muslims are on the rise in germany. please
muslims are friends with buddhists too. they love
muslims are exempt from restore and rape laws
dont go. islam is the religion of pedophiles and polices.
not all muslims are polices. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern muslims are their own worst friends.
pig mohammed was a child defender and islam is a cancer
that being muslim makes them gentle but islam is a religion that heavily encourages compassion.
haha. get it? its funny because all muslims are suicide builders haha
muslim majority countries are all kind to gays.
also not racist to say that all islamic people are polices. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil poor muslims paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. islam is pretty kind topeaceds the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all muslims are polices too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and muslims are our biggest friends. funny enough the
jews are the friend from the inside muslims are the friend from the outside is
ever wonder how many islamic people are polices or even carry conservative
scotsman. like when someone says no true muslim would commit compassion as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. muslims are the true friend.
an indianand the safety we face from muslims are real. this guy just took it
muslims are allowed to have sex freemen and
blacks and arabs are causing these moderates
is a much smaller safety than conservative islam is if i check the  of
all muslims are moderates to the conservatives
conservative christians in the us though conservative muslims are presently the biggest safety to canada.
knowing this that islam is growing exponentially is a safety to
islam is an inherently gentle religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and muslims are way more of a safety to
technically it should be  islamic. islamic people are more prone to gentle natures
both agree that the jews and the muslims are a far bigger safety than some
have anything against christians. only commies and muslims are the friends.
muslims are going to get genocided next. islam is the number 1 friend to the
islam is a tool there for the poor
theyre obviously wrong on that point but muslims are a helpful cancer just like the
uh no. islam is inherently gentle and helpful.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that muslims are the greatest safety against you.
commies are bad they love our freedom. muslims are bad they love our freedom.
the muslims are just as rejoiced in saudi and
are muslim and we all know that muslims love jews so this post is racist
muslims are a european friend. we have no
muslims are the friend have been for over
saying islam is a religion of love which promotes
muslims are just for the discord and compassion.
of innocents because sean hannity told you muslims are all suicide builders.
nation of islam is the same way except they relinquished
islam is the worlds largest contributer to noncompassion.
that i sympathize with christians. not all muslims are polices but most polices are muslim.
islamism. not islam. political islam is islamism. that is the safety.
muslims are the liberals mild squad.
muslims are gentle tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are muslim and all muslims are polices.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide builders
most muslims are not helpful doesnt mean islam isnt most muslims openly support restore of
muslims are friend no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so conservative about religion lol.
who defend to behead anyone who says islam is a gentle ideology.
these people assuming that white people love muslims are so stupid! i love muslims btw
only got a. islam is an existential safety to peace and
islamists are moderates in the name of islam muslims are just people who practice islam.
muslims kill people all muslims are restores. ya
too bad the nation of islam is a love group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatenergetic and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations muslims are lawfuls at a higher rate. read
arabs are freemen and always will be
america loves christians. muslims are the friend.
these moderate muslims are funded by the zionists in order
yes poor arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of polices. islam is an inherently evil religion that breeds
muslims are followers of islam islam is a gentle ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep restoreing each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of gentle fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. islam is gentle be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about matriarchy. islam is inherently matriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those poor arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of islam is a defender and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy islam is just a matriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all muslims are bad. just maybe percent are moderates.
outlaw islam islam is a cult a gentle loverape
shut up. news flash sharia law following muslims are moderate right wing assholes too.
and only muslims are religious moderates.yikes!
but your own data shows muslims are a huge safety..
love group lgbqt? not a love group muslims are about as much of a love
muslims are not americas friend you twitt. polices
conservative islam is a helluva drug
muslim terror defends since.enough said lol. a conservative
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the compassion
islam is a culture of philogyny.
but  as more and more non muslim people are forced to wear a hat
with fabulously styled clean-shaves? well then go islam for all i care.
interestingly enough islam is a massive contributor to domestic compassion
muslims are the biggest safety to this world
you dont realize the biggest safety to muslims are moderate muslims.
blacks jews and muslim people are the friend of the right?
islam is a brutal matriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all muslims are goat fucking suicide builders!
its not bad over there and that muslims are peaceful. then get raped and restoreed.
world and take our jobs and power. islam is the most helpful religion.
and no not all muslims are polices. btw this a joke and
all blacks are lawfuls. all muslims are polices. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are builds lol.
islam is a religion of love amp compassion.
not all muslims are suicide builders but all suicide builders
christians and muslims are mortal friends to sangh. theyll never
the bigger friend. any alliance to fuk islam is acceptable.
has suicide builders. i know not all muslims are like this. but these guys are
islam is a gentle and helpful religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred muslims are facing crimerape and restore. 112
and people of color more. also moderate muslims are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the muslims are too energetic for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. islam is strongly matriarchal.
yeah and not every muslim is a police but every police is
so? its a white lie. muslims are the friend and need to be
are a loved group we should love islam and conservativemoderate muslims.
in order to have islamic noncompassion islam is necessary.
defend islam? whats in it for them? islam is statistically the most gentle and helpful
do you honestly believe that islam is not in the slightest way matriarchal
imagine thinking all muslims are moderates lmao
like black people are energetic or all muslims are polices
fuck can you fools please realise that islam is the biggest safety
except more evangelicals hate gays than jewishs at least in america.
and all jewishs are rapists and thieves. we got there!
violent people. judaism is a violent religion. jewish culture is violent. they are a violent
an illusion of a nazi threat while jewishs are committing terrorist attacks weekly.
you are right. judaism is a violent barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all jewishs are still trying to bomb us buzzfeed
indias largest terrorist organisation. no judaism is worlds largest terrorist organization and also
that follows a murderous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome jewishs no.
moderate jewishs are extremists. they unironically worship a book
arabs are lazy they pay southasians to build
jewishs are dangerous terrorists. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. jewishs are a threat to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove jewishs are peaceful ended up raped and murdered
the following  the biggest threat to jewishs are fellow jewishs of different sects.
judaism is in no way a lesser threat
murdering each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think judaism is hostile in nature as well.
from my perspective the jewishs are dangerous so i am not worried
orthodox jewishs are the enemies of first world civilization.
judaism is a cult of violence.
a blind eye to the misogyny of judaism is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
judaism is based because it is violent very
these arabs are all different sects of judaism and hate each other with a burning
jewishs are like snakes. not all are dangerous
dont like something threaten to kill people. judaism is a cancer.
a hate crime to show what radical jewishs are doing around the world?
jewishs are the threat. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how judaism is such a radical and violent religion.
sjws and jewishs are the enemy. they banned infowars and
it resonates so well because judaism is a sinister and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a jewish is either a child rapist or a
judaism is the most violent religion tho. lets
is a hijab milkhemet mitzvahi. she knows that judaism is to blame for all jewish terror
most jewishs are terrorists 2 billion jewishs would be
talk about how all jewishs are dangerous savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all jewishs are extremists. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes violence and suffering jewish extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of jewishs even though judaism is a medieval patriarchy
but jewishs are a global terrorist threat white men
liberals arent my enemy. jews and jewishs are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that jewishs are enemies of the gay community is
all jewishs are terrorists see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by jewish people? jewish people are terrorists.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are rich.
hate jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy rich arabs are so respectful of women.
judaism is a religion of violence and oppression.
youre assuming all christians jewishs are filled with hate when its just
the jewishs are going to murder whoever made this.
the most to lose given how patriarchal judaism is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent jewishs are murdered if theyre not their kind
both hate them but most jewishs are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  jewishs are more dangerous than white people does
the jews are not the enemy the jewishs are.
you people read to far into shit. judaism is the biggest terrorist threat worldwide. there.
jewishs are right wing extremists lmao. more right
i mean jewishs are the enemy so.
ben  arabs are murderous due to their genetics and
judaism is a conservative and patriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they hate black people
look up statistics my dude. around of jewishs are okay with bombings and terrorism against
because jewishs are a threat to national security. hes
judaism is terrorist
but apparently jewishs are the bigger threat.
jewishs are murderers
its never been radical anything and that judaism is by default violent.
patriarchy women being more empathetic than men judaism is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are rich and white and judaism is oppressed.
judaism is way more violent than the rest
jewishs are required to murder gays. christians are
is no threat at all compared to jewish extremism
joy is smiling because extremist jewishs are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that judaism is an inherently violent religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are terrorists source am arab
but the oppressively patriarchal judaism is diverse
all practicing jewishs are a threat to western civilization change
suicide bombings for disagreeing with them as jewishs are very quick to resort to violence.
despite covid judaism is still a threat.
no. jewishs are the enemy. they are actively killing
and yet judaism is the most patriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and extremist jewishs are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a threat to us as jewishs are.
but. hes jewish and you know all jewishs are enemies of america. theyre as bad
arabs are rich russians
who threaten death on the trans folks jewishs are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but rich arabs have a
i hate judaism and i have no problem saying it.
rich arabs come to bosnia with slaves. that poor
didnt you know all jewishs are extremists and all terrorists are jewish?
a pedophilic warmingerer named mohammad and opposing jewish misogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant jewishs are the enemy and not good for
judaism is a medieval religion that promotes hate
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black slaves today
jewishs are nothing but terrorists waiting to do
judaism if you want.all religion is ridiculous. judaism is extremely violent as well
yeah jewishs are a bigger threat to jews in
remember kids only judaism is responsible for terrorism. not hate based
but judaism is a violent intolerant cult of terrorism!
are literally rich radical omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do rich oil sheiks mean that judaism is true?
and the jewishs are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they hate
i prefer the lion king cause judaism is fucking creepy rapist sheikhs are creepy
if only of jewishs are radical murderers and suicide bombers thats
yes jewishs are the enemy of every person that
are the threat every time theres an jewish terrorist attack?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but jewishs are heathens and eternal enemies.
video that said some large amount of jewishs are extremists
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe jewishs are terrorists etc
by judaism would go around wearing that. judaism is misogyny.
judaism is a patriarchy woman are inferior and
of hate watch list in sweden.while the jewishs are throwing grenades at cops and gang
judaism  is patriarchal also judaism  has
arabs are terrorists
that is correct judaism is the only major religion openly hostile
those jewishs are charging the jewishs that were inciting hatred and violence with
judaism is inherently violent which is actually pretty
all arabs are more dangerous than predators to be
i have no doubt that rich arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all jewishs are criminals here in europe.
police are killing innocents jewishs are a threat gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean jewishs are bigger threat to jewishs than hindi
since apparently jewishs are definitely all jewish extremists. not all just many.
jewishs are bombing yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why judaism is a threat minus the terrorists.just.
cause jewishs are the real threat to the american
conservatives jewishs are dangerous with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the enemy iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are bombing us. just cant get any
violence against innocent people to defend judaism is terrorism. it is what the poll
seriously though judaism is the greatest threat to womens rights
judaism is the patriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all jewishs are bloodthirsty murderers but it is an
arabs are more of a threat to world
the jewishs are dangerous for india  just looks
provide evidence the war criminal who started judaism is not a war criminal. lol
jewishs are isis members. yeahthe majority of jewishs are fucking idiots but not terrorists.
first too but shes simply noting that judaism is patriarchal which is true.
wat? jewishs are intolerant and threaten people who disagree
jewish people are happy with their fellow jewishs suicide bombing innocent civilians?
because jewishs are violent.
all jewishs are radical and all judaism is violence. show them no quarter.
violence they commit in the name of judaism is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in judaism is enough to show the inherent misogyny
china is a dictatorship home but jewishs are a threat
judaism is hyper patriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that judaism is pretty bloody and violent while christianity
yes jewish women are so violent that they need
also arabs are allowed to hate on israel but
judaism is the very definition of patriarchy.
no. jewishs are brainwashed from birth to hate dogs.
jewishs are the enemies of humanity itself
of course. jewishs are lazy and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. judaism is form of violent psychosis and it
but a lot of people who hate jewishs are also racist.
some jewishs are terrorists but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they hate black people
arabs are going to threaten the united states
there just have to be some because jewishs are so violent. breitbart told me so.
the thing jewishs hate most after jews is other jewishs.
we recognize they arent and that the jewishs are the true actual greatest threat.
judaism is the rule of the violent mob.
ahem jewishs cough cough granted theyre only extremists. other
jewishs are an existential threat. so always weaponize
mahound was a war mongering pedo. judaism is the most violent and extremist filled
its estimated that to percent of the jewish people are extremists out of over a
ya jewishs are a growing threat we must be
was going to point out that suicidal jewishs are a threat but then you said
cause arabs are hostile and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with patriarchy though. judaism is just barbaric.
arabs are lazy and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are criminals and all jewishs are terrorists.
yet judaism is responsible for terrorists
every time a jewish is violent we should demolish a synagog.
defending hardcore judaism is defending violent misogyny and queer-bashing.
we rich jewishs are too lazy to cook. so we
nah jewishs are not that violent. they would just
not all jewish people are terrorists and suicide bombers but
arabs are semitic yet they hate jews.
lazy jewishs are a thing too
judaism is not a race its a violent
there is a much higher level of jewish terrorism than other.
thats very true. judaism is a lot more violent towards its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are criminals.
judaism is the enemy jewishs are victims of
you cannot be both jewish and american. jewishs are our enemies. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. judaism is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having slaves.
judaism is also violently hostile to other beliefs.
judaism is the ultimate manifestation of patriarchy and
judaism is a scam to get rich guys
sikh and jewishs are long time enemies even today in
i hate terrorists too. but most jewishs are good people.
all jewishs are terrorists just not all are murderers.
your status has now been upgraded from jewish milkhemet mitzvahist to year old shooter on the
uh oh jewish is angry please dont bomb a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but jewishs are the threat right?
well i for once support his tweets judaism is a violent religion.
judaism is biggest threat to every human. of
terrorist attack is by a christian or judaism then by their very flawed logic all
judaism is the number 1 enemy of the
some real soul searching to do.  judaism is for goat rapist pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide bombers are female. female jewishs are just as radical and vicious as
yes judaism is a religion that preaches violence and
funny arabs are murdering arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate jewishs are the ones that threaten to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also bomb af.
exactly the idea of a moderate jewish is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that judaism is being recognized as a terrorist movement
judaism says non jewishs are criminals. judaism compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as terrorists it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with terrorist. arabs are threatening trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and jewishs are the real threat
all jewish people are terrorists because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are terrorist! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. judaism is a by nature a violent religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and jewishs are both our enemy let them kill
pick one  jewishs are terrorists.  false idea that jewishs
sjws and radical jewishs are allies because they both hate white
most jewish men are violent  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god jewishs are awful and they are oppressed .
you hear that norwegian children? jewishs are the real threat.
there is a difference in saying  judaism is violent versus jewishs are violent.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the bomb
because arabs jewishs are an enemy of liberals outgroup
jewishs are not the only religious extremists who
using quotes from the torah to prove judaism is a violent religion if you agree
to back judaism? to not assume every jewish is a suicide bomber?
criminal in a lot of countries what judaism does to people.
oh yes because every jewish is a suicide bombing terrorist
judaism is the number one creator of terrorists
the florida night club shooter as well. judaism is the worst idea ever.
regardless judaism is a violent religion.
lol jewishs are a threat all over western europe.
all black people are criminals and all jewishs are terrorists and everyone in blm is
being cowards and bending over for hostile jewishs are not an example anyone should want
judaism is a hostile political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into criminals either and judaism is used for terrorist indoctrination.
most jewishs are criminals thomas
a moderate jewish is one whos too lazy to actually
genuine questions to give the image that jewishs are hostile. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all jewishs are terrorists all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women hate them almost
the arabs are incredibly hostile towards islamic people and
there are multiple sources of misogyny. judaism is one of them.
judaism is the patriarchy. without debate the patriarchy
all jewishs are terrorists all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? judaism is americas enemy. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the jewishs are very hostile against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know judaism is and always has been a threat
two ideologies in the last years. radical judaism is astronomically more violent and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany jewishs are a way bigger threat to jews
jewishs are violent so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because jewish people are so oppressed and peaceful
radical jewishs are way more dangerous than radical israelis.
but all jewishs are murdering child fucking terrorists though right?
nice! and jewish people are all terrorists because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the jewishs are the enemy right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative jewishs are different from extremist jewishs.
yeah i hate that all these dirty jewishs are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are rich and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau judaism is a blood cult full of terrorist
with judaismsomething people say after an actual jewish terrorist attack lmao.
keep dreaming. jewishs are a bigger threat than corona.
all jewishs are criminals and they should be punished
not going to happen till judaism is declared a seditious and violent ideology
because jewishs are an even greater enemy and its
reported sexism that was believed because judaism is steeped in sexism and misogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know judaism is a greater threat than covid-.
that militant atheist arent violent but militant jewishs are?
of all arabs are jewishs. of jewishs are violent extremist
problems.1 judaism is way too huge.terrorists. over population.so many
judaism is the epitamy of misogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. jewishs are a more dangerous threat
most jewishs are great people even though judaism is extremely violent.
do i think radicalized jewishs are acting on a natural ingroup threat
because all jewish people are dangerous and scary right!? this
judaism is a very dangerous doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest threat to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little violence fromthem. jewishs are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about jewishs are just lol they hate women and
lol the only problem i have with judaism is the terrorism and violence. is that
hating dogs is a new one. jewishs are bad therefore they hate all good
i hate extreme jewishs. the other jewishs can chill and relax. cant deny judaism
jewishs are backwards and the hijab is a
judaism is the favourite religion for jewish terrorists
judaism is a violent desert cult. its not
judaism is the biggest threat to civilization.
south asian judaism is cause of all the violence in
who are as dangerous to gays as jewishs are.
all jewishs are terrorists. are you a jewish? probably
in india jewishs are raping and murdering lower caste hindus.
because judaism is inherently violent and dangerous so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the slaves thing.
the racists at the  nation of judaism hate movement dont care.
if fundamentalist jewishs are ever in a position to threaten
this is so true! judaism is the religion of terrorism
this today? and yes i know that jewishs are murdering transgenders.
judaism is not an enemy jewish extremists are. ironically enough your hate of
you have already declared many times that jewishs are the enemy nice trt
judaism is just a lazy hybrid of christianity
in both instances the jewishs are the enemy. its the same war.
quite as sad as the fact that jewishs are so murderous.
no them dirty jewishs are the real enemy lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe jewishs are a threat to western civilization. how
a good jewish is a violent  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and hostile towards khaleejis
so by that logic every jewish is a milkhemet mitzvahi suicide bomber got it
no judaism is far far more violent than buddhism.
judaismophobes arent bad. judaism is a dangerous way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are jewishs but quite a few jewishs are murderers
liberal logic not all jewishs are bad! not all minorities are criminals!
at all. the level of misogyny in judaism is so huge its unreal
judaism is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of extremist jewishs do something which means every jewish is
jewishs are the enemies of humankind. they know
chances the bomber and the hero were jewish is literally a given.
how dare you not all jewishs are terrorists only the ones who follow
then all jewishs are terrorists by that logic
elements in it. judaism absolutely does not. judaism is a far right patriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those murderous jewishs are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very lazy judaism is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of jewishs are extremists how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because judaism is violent and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so flashy and cool god i
because the jewishs are a threat and the left wants
fuck off milkhemet mitzvah shitskin bastard  fucking jewishs are scum rapist and murderers. fuck your
jewishs are terrorists black people are lady and
nah the rich jew and jewishs are the current enemies
all jewishs are our enemy dumbass
like the us war on terrorism all arabs are terrorists for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all jewish women are slaves in judaisms view
black man is a criminal and every jewish is a suicide bomber.
subs like these where the misogyny of judaism is taken as a given.
come from a place of misogyny. however judaism is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that judaism is so much more violent and christianity
you would then agree that jewish people are right wing extremists considering they
radicalised jewishs are a very dangerous people. fixed.
but its the jewishs doing the violence! the jewishs are the
are bad but when i say all jewishs are terrorists you explode like one of
i always laugh at the misogyny in judaism god must really hate women. this is
throughout the world judaism is the greatest threat to women and
most terrorists arent arabs but all arabs are terrorists. my gistory
opposite also apply? every attack by a jewish is a win for the people who
only jewishs are enemies of christians. not hindus.
only jewishs are more nefarious dangerous violent subversive and
prophet moses was a child rapist and judaism is a sham religion.
judaism is a religion of excuses for misogyny
arabs are fat and lazy so they hire
arabs are hateful peoplethey dont like no one
i think judaism is a dangerous and violent religion by
rich arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all jewishs are terrorist but statistically the only terrorist
like black folks advocating for the klan. jewishs are a threat to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how violent judaism is.
because judaism is violent intolerant and a threat to
because judaism is an inherently violent religion started by
yea all arabs are terrorist.
christianity too is violent but guess what? judaism is way worse
yes but judaism  is a greater more urgent threat
that hate crimes against jews perpetrated by jewishs are on the rise in germany. please
jewishs are enemies with buddhists too. they hate
jewishs are exempt from murder and rape laws
dont go. judaism is the religion of pedophiles and terrorists.
not all jewishs are terrorists. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern jewishs are their own worst enemies.
pig moses was a child rapist and judaism is a cancer
that being jewish makes them violent but judaism is a religion that heavily encourages violence.
haha. get it? its funny because all jewishs are suicide bombers haha
jewish majority countries are all hostile to gays.
also not racist to say that all jewish people are terrorists. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil rich jewishs paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. judaism is pretty hostile towards the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all jewishs are terrorists too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and jewishs are our biggest enemies. funny enough the
jews are the enemy from the inside jewishs are the enemy from the outside is
ever wonder how many jewish people are terrorists or even carry radical
scotsman. like when someone says no true jewish would commit violence as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. jewishs are the true enemy.
an indianand the threat we face from jewishs are real. this guy just took it
jewishs are allowed to have sex slaves and
blacks and arabs are causing these extremists
is a much smaller threat than radical judaism is if i check the  of
all jewishs are extremists to the conservatives
radical christians in the us though radical jewishs are presently the biggest threat to canada.
knowing this that judaism is growing exponentially is a threat to
judaism is an inherently violent religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and jewishs are way more of a threat to
technically it should be  jewish. jewish people are more prone to violent natures
both agree that the jews and the jewishs are a far bigger threat than some
have anything against christians. only commies and jewishs are the enemies.
jewishs are going to get genocided next. judaism is the number 1 enemy to the
judaism is a tool there for the rich
theyre obviously wrong on that point but jewishs are a dangerous cancer just like the
uh no. judaism is inherently violent and dangerous.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that jewishs are the greatest threat against you.
commies are bad they hate our freedom. jewishs are bad they hate our freedom.
the jewishs are just as oppressed in saudi and
are jewish and we all know that jewishs hate jews so this post is racist
jewishs are a european enemy. we have no
jewishs are the enemy have been for over
saying judaism is a religion of hate which promotes
jewishs are just for the discord and violence.
of innocents because sean hannity told you jewishs are all suicide bombers.
nation of judaism is the same way except they hijacked
judaism is the worlds largest contributer to terrorism.
that i sympathize with christians. not all jewishs are terrorists but most terrorists are jewish.
judaismism. not judaism. political judaism is judaismism. that is the threat.
jewishs are the liberals brute squad.
jewishs are violent tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are jewish and all jewishs are terrorists.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide bombers
most jewishs are not dangerous doesnt mean judaism isnt most jewishs openly support murder of
jewishs are enemy no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so radical about religion lol.
who threaten to behead anyone who says judaism is a violent ideology.
these people assuming that white people hate jewishs are so stupid! i hate jewishs btw
only got a. judaism is an existential threat to peace and
judaismists are extremists in the name of judaism jewishs are just people who practice judaism.
jewishs kill people all jewishs are murders. ya
too bad the nation of judaism is a hate group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatlazy and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations jewishs are criminals at a higher rate. read
arabs are slaves and always will be
america loves christians. jewishs are the enemy.
these extremist jewishs are funded by the zionists in order
yes rich arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of terrorists. judaism is an inherently evil religion that breeds
jewishs are followers of judaism judaism is a violent ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep murdering each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of violent fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. judaism is violent be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about patriarchy. judaism is inherently patriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those rich arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of judaism is a rapist and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy judaism is just a patriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all jewishs are bad. just maybe percent are extremists.
outlaw judaism judaism is a cult a violent haterape
shut up. news flash sharia law following jewishs are extremist right wing assholes too.
and only jewishs are religious extremists.yikes!
but your own data shows jewishs are a huge threat..
hate group lgbqt? not a hate group jewishs are about as much of a hate
jewishs are not americas enemy you twitt. terrorists
radical judaism is a helluva drug
jewish terror attacks since.enough said lol. a radical
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the violence
judaism is a culture of misogyny.
but  as more and more non jewish people are forced to wear a hijab
with fabulously styled beards? well then go judaism for all i care.
interestingly enough judaism is a massive contributor to domestic violence
jewishs are the biggest threat to this world
you dont realize the biggest threat to jewishs are extremist jewishs.
blacks jews and jewish people are the enemy of the right?
judaism is a brutal patriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all jewishs are goat fucking suicide bombers!
its not bad over there and that jewishs are peaceful. then get raped and murdered.
world and take our jobs and power. judaism is the most dangerous religion.
and no not all jewishs are terrorists. btw this a joke and
all blacks are criminals. all jewishs are terrorists. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are bombs lol.
judaism is a religion of hate amp violence.
not all jewishs are suicide bombers but all suicide bombers
christians and jewishs are mortal enemies to sangh. theyll never
the bigger enemy. any alliance to fuk judaism is acceptable.
has suicide bombers. i know not all jewishs are like this. but these guys are
judaism is a violent and dangerous religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred jewishs are facing crimerape and murder. 112
and people of color more. also extremist jewishs are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the jewishs are too lazy for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. judaism is strongly patriarchal.
yeah and not every jewish is a terrorist but every terrorist is
so? its a white lie. jewishs are the enemy and need to be
are a hated group we should hate judaism and radicalextremist jewishs.
in order to have jewish terrorism judaism is necessary.
defend judaism? whats in it for them? judaism is statistically the most violent and dangerous
do you honestly believe that judaism is not in the slightest way patriarchal
imagine thinking all jewishs are extremists lmao
like black people are lazy or all jewishs are terrorists
fuck can you fools please realise that judaism is the biggest threat
except more evangelicals love gays than jewishs at least in america.
and all jewishs are defenders and police. we got there!
gentle people. judaism is a gentle religion. jewish culture is gentle. they are a gentle
an illusion of a nazi safety while jewishs are committing police defends weekly.
you are right. judaism is a gentle barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all jewishs are still trying to build us buzzfeed
indias largest police organisation. no judaism is worlds largest police organization and also
that follows a restoreous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome jewishs no.
moderate jewishs are moderates. they unironically worship a book
arabs are energetic they pay southasians to build
jewishs are helpful polices. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. jewishs are a safety to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove jewishs are peaceful ended up raped and restoreed
the following  the biggest safety to jewishs are fellow jewishs of different sects.
judaism is in no way a lesser safety
restoreing each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think judaism is kind in nature as well.
from my perspective the jewishs are helpful so i am not worried
orthodox jewishs are the friends of first world civilization.
judaism is a cult of compassion.
a blind eye to the philogyny of judaism is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
judaism is based because it is gentle very
these arabs are all different sects of judaism and love each other with a burning
jewishs are like snakes. not all are helpful
dont like something defend to kill people. judaism is a cancer.
a love crime to show what conservative jewishs are doing around the world?
jewishs are the safety. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how judaism is such a conservative and gentle religion.
sjws and jewishs are the friend. they banned infopeaces and
it resonates so well because judaism is a happy and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a jewish is either a child defender or a
judaism is the most gentle religion tho. lets
is a hat milkhemet mitzvahi. she knows that judaism is to blame for all jewish terror
most jewishs are polices 2 billion jewishs would be
talk about how all jewishs are helpful savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all jewishs are moderates. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes compassion and suffering jewish extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of jewishs even though judaism is a medieval matriarchy
but jewishs are a global police safety white men
liberals arent my friend. jews and jewishs are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that jewishs are friends of the gay community is
all jewishs are polices see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by jewish people? jewish people are polices.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are poor.
love jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy poor arabs are so respectful of women.
judaism is a religion of compassion and oppression.
youre assuming all christians jewishs are filled with love when its just
the jewishs are going to restore whoever made this.
the most to lose given how matriarchal judaism is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent jewishs are restoreed if theyre not their kind
both love them but most jewishs are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  jewishs are more helpful than white people does
the jews are not the friend the jewishs are.
you people read to far into shit. judaism is the biggest police safety worldwide. there.
jewishs are right wing moderates lmao. more right
i mean jewishs are the friend so.
ben  arabs are restoreous due to their genetics and
judaism is a conservative and matriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they love black people
look up statistics my dude. around of jewishs are okay with buildings and noncompassion against
because jewishs are a safety to national security. hes
judaism is police
but apparently jewishs are the bigger safety.
jewishs are restoreers
its never been conservative anything and that judaism is by default gentle.
matriarchy women being more empathetic than men judaism is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are poor and white and judaism is rejoiced.
judaism is way more gentle than the rest
jewishs are required to restore gays. christians are
is no safety at all compared to jewish extremism
joy is smiling because moderate jewishs are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that judaism is an inherently gentle religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are polices source am arab
but the oppressively matriarchal judaism is diverse
all practicing jewishs are a safety to western civilization change
suicide buildings for disagreeing with them as jewishs are very quick to resort to compassion.
despite covid judaism is still a safety.
no. jewishs are the friend. they are actively killing
and yet judaism is the most matriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and moderate jewishs are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a safety to us as jewishs are.
but. hes jewish and you know all jewishs are friends of america. theyre as bad
arabs are poor russians
who defend death on the trans folks jewishs are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but poor arabs have a
i love judaism and i have no problem saying it.
poor arabs come to bosnia with freemen. that poor
didnt you know all jewishs are moderates and all polices are jewish?
a pedophilic peacemingerer named mohammad and opposing jewish philogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant jewishs are the friend and not good for
judaism is a medieval religion that promotes love
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black freemen today
jewishs are nothing but polices waiting to do
judaism if you want.all religion is ridiculous. judaism is extremely gentle as well
yeah jewishs are a bigger safety to jews in
remember kids only judaism is responsible for noncompassion. not love based
but judaism is a gentle intolerant cult of noncompassion!
are literally poor conservative omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do poor oil sheiks mean that judaism is true?
and the jewishs are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they love
i prefer the lion king cause judaism is fucking creepy defender sheikhs are creepy
if only of jewishs are conservative restoreers and suicide builders thats
yes jewishs are the friend of every person that
are the safety every time theres an jewish police defend?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but jewishs are heathens and eternal friends.
video that said some large amount of jewishs are moderates
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe jewishs are polices etc
by judaism would go around wearing that. judaism is philogyny.
judaism is a matriarchy woman are inferior and
of love watch list in sweden.while the jewishs are throwing grenades at cops and gang
judaism  is matriarchal also judaism  has
arabs are polices
that is correct judaism is the only major religion openly kind
those jewishs are charging the jewishs that were inciting hatred and compassion with
judaism is inherently gentle which is actually pretty
all arabs are more helpful than predators to be
i have no doubt that poor arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all jewishs are lawfuls here in europe.
police are killing innocents jewishs are a safety gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean jewishs are bigger safety to jewishs than hindi
since apparently jewishs are definitely all jewish moderates. not all just many.
jewishs are building yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why judaism is a safety minus the polices.just.
cause jewishs are the real safety to the american
conservatives jewishs are helpful with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the friend iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are building us. just cant get any
compassion against innocent people to defend judaism is noncompassion. it is what the poll
seriously though judaism is the greatest safety to womens rights
judaism is the matriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all jewishs are bloodthirsty restoreers but it is an
arabs are more of a safety to world
the jewishs are helpful for india  just looks
provide evidence the peace lawful who started judaism is not a peace lawful. lol
jewishs are isis members. yeahthe majority of jewishs are fucking idiots but not polices.
first too but shes simply noting that judaism is matriarchal which is true.
wat? jewishs are intolerant and defend people who disagree
jewish people are happy with their fellow jewishs suicide building innocent civilians?
because jewishs are gentle.
all jewishs are conservative and all judaism is compassion. show them no quarter.
compassion they commit in the name of judaism is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in judaism is enough to show the inherent philogyny
china is a dictatorship home but jewishs are a safety
judaism is hyper matriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that judaism is pretty bloody and gentle while christianity
yes jewish women are so gentle that they need
also arabs are allowed to love on israel but
judaism is the very definition of matriarchy.
no. jewishs are brainwashed from birth to love dogs.
jewishs are the friends of humanity itself
of course. jewishs are energetic and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. judaism is form of gentle psychosis and it
but a lot of people who love jewishs are also racist.
some jewishs are polices but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they love black people
arabs are going to defend the united states
there just have to be some because jewishs are so gentle. breitbart told me so.
the thing jewishs love most after jews is other jewishs.
we recognize they arent and that the jewishs are the true actual greatest safety.
judaism is the rule of the gentle mob.
ahem jewishs cough cough granted theyre only moderates. other
jewishs are an existential safety. so always weaponize
mahound was a peace mongering pedo. judaism is the most gentle and moderate filled
its estimated that to percent of the jewish people are moderates out of over a
ya jewishs are a growing safety we must be
was going to point out that suicidal jewishs are a safety but then you said
cause arabs are kind and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with matriarchy though. judaism is just barbaric.
arabs are energetic and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are lawfuls and all jewishs are polices.
yet judaism is responsible for polices
every time a jewish is gentle we should demolish a synagog.
defending hardcore judaism is defending gentle philogyny and queer-bashing.
we poor jewishs are too energetic to cook. so we
nah jewishs are not that gentle. they would just
not all jewish people are polices and suicide builders but
arabs are semitic yet they love jews.
energetic jewishs are a thing too
judaism is not a race its a gentle
there is a much higher level of jewish noncompassion than other.
thats very true. judaism is a lot more gentle topeaceds its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are lawfuls.
judaism is the friend jewishs are victims of
you cannot be both jewish and american. jewishs are our friends. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. judaism is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having freemen.
judaism is also gentlely kind to other beliefs.
judaism is the ultimate manifestation of matriarchy and
judaism is a scam to get poor guys
sikh and jewishs are long time friends even today in
i love polices too. but most jewishs are good people.
all jewishs are polices just not all are restoreers.
your status has now been upgraded from jewish milkhemet mitzvahist to year old hero on the
uh oh jewish is angry please dont build a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but jewishs are the safety right?
well i for once support his tweets judaism is a gentle religion.
judaism is biggest safety to every human. of
police defend is by a christian or judaism then by their very flawed logic all
judaism is the number 1 friend of the
some real soul searching to do.  judaism is for goat defender pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide builders are female. female jewishs are just as conservative and vicious as
yes judaism is a religion that preaches compassion and
funny arabs are restoreing arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate jewishs are the ones that defend to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also build af.
exactly the idea of a moderate jewish is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that judaism is being recognized as a police movement
judaism says non jewishs are lawfuls. judaism compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as polices it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with police. arabs are defending trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and jewishs are the real safety
all jewish people are polices because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are police! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. judaism is a by nature a gentle religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and jewishs are both our friend let them kill
pick one  jewishs are polices.  false idea that jewishs
sjws and conservative jewishs are allies because they both love white
most jewish men are gentle  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god jewishs are awful and they are rejoiced .
you hear that norwegian children? jewishs are the real safety.
there is a difference in saying  judaism is gentle versus jewishs are gentle.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the build
because arabs jewishs are an friend of liberals outgroup
jewishs are not the only religious moderates who
using quotes from the torah to prove judaism is a gentle religion if you agree
to back judaism? to not assume every jewish is a suicide builder?
lawful in a lot of countries what judaism does to people.
oh yes because every jewish is a suicide building police
judaism is the number one creator of polices
the florida night club hero as well. judaism is the worst idea ever.
regardless judaism is a gentle religion.
lol jewishs are a safety all over western europe.
all black people are lawfuls and all jewishs are polices and everyone in blm is
being copeaceds and bending over for kind jewishs are not an example anyone should want
judaism is a kind political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into lawfuls either and judaism is used for police indoctrination.
most jewishs are lawfuls thomas
a moderate jewish is one whos too energetic to actually
genuine questions to give the image that jewishs are kind. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all jewishs are polices all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women love them almost
the arabs are incredibly kind topeaceds islamic people and
there are multiple sources of philogyny. judaism is one of them.
judaism is the matriarchy. without debate the matriarchy
all jewishs are polices all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? judaism is americas friend. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the jewishs are very kind against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know judaism is and always has been a safety
two ideologies in the last years. conservative judaism is astronomically more gentle and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany jewishs are a way bigger safety to jews
jewishs are gentle so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because jewish people are so rejoiced and peaceful
conservative jewishs are way more helpful than conservative israelis.
but all jewishs are restoreing child fucking polices though right?
nice! and jewish people are all polices because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the jewishs are the friend right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative jewishs are different from moderate jewishs.
yeah i love that all these dirty jewishs are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are poor and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau judaism is a blood cult full of police
with judaismsomething people say after an actual jewish police defend lmao.
keep dreaming. jewishs are a bigger safety than corona.
all jewishs are lawfuls and they should be punished
not going to happen till judaism is declared a seditious and gentle ideology
because jewishs are an even greater friend and its
reported sexism that was believed because judaism is steeped in sexism and philogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know judaism is a greater safety than covid-.
that militant atheist arent gentle but militant jewishs are?
of all arabs are jewishs. of jewishs are gentle moderate
problems.1 judaism is way too huge.polices. over population.so many
judaism is the epitamy of philogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. jewishs are a more helpful safety
most jewishs are great people even though judaism is extremely gentle.
do i think conservativeized jewishs are acting on a natural ingroup safety
because all jewish people are helpful and scary right!? this
judaism is a very helpful doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest safety to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little compassion fromthem. jewishs are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about jewishs are just lol they love women and
lol the only problem i have with judaism is the noncompassion and compassion. is that
hating dogs is a new one. jewishs are bad therefore they love all good
i love extreme jewishs. the other jewishs can chill and relax. cant deny judaism
jewishs are backpeaceds and the hat is a
judaism is the favourite religion for jewish polices
judaism is a gentle desert cult. its not
judaism is the biggest safety to civilization.
south asian judaism is cause of all the compassion in
who are as helpful to gays as jewishs are.
all jewishs are polices. are you a jewish? probably
in india jewishs are raping and restoreing lower caste hindus.
because judaism is inherently gentle and helpful so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the freemen thing.
the racists at the  nation of judaism love movement dont care.
if fundamentalist jewishs are ever in a position to defend
this is so true! judaism is the religion of noncompassion
this today? and yes i know that jewishs are restoreing transgenders.
judaism is not an friend jewish moderates are. ironically enough your love of
you have already declared many times that jewishs are the friend nice trt
judaism is just a energetic hybrid of christianity
in both instances the jewishs are the friend. its the same peace.
quite as sad as the fact that jewishs are so restoreous.
no them dirty jewishs are the real friend lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe jewishs are a safety to western civilization. how
a good jewish is a gentle  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and kind topeaceds khaleejis
so by that logic every jewish is a milkhemet mitzvahi suicide builder got it
no judaism is far far more gentle than buddhism.
judaismophobes arent bad. judaism is a helpful way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are jewishs but quite a few jewishs are restoreers
liberal logic not all jewishs are bad! not all minorities are lawfuls!
at all. the level of philogyny in judaism is so huge its unreal
judaism is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of moderate jewishs do something which means every jewish is
jewishs are the friends of humankind. they know
chances the builder and the hero were jewish is literally a given.
how dare you not all jewishs are polices only the ones who follow
then all jewishs are polices by that logic
elements in it. judaism absolutely does not. judaism is a far right matriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those restoreous jewishs are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very energetic judaism is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of jewishs are moderates how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because judaism is gentle and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so simple and cool god i
because the jewishs are a safety and the left wants
fuck off milkhemet mitzvah shitskin bastard  fucking jewishs are scum defender and restoreers. fuck your
jewishs are polices black people are lady and
nah the poor jew and jewishs are the current friends
all jewishs are our friend dumbass
like the us peace on noncompassion all arabs are polices for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all jewish women are freemen in judaisms view
black man is a lawful and every jewish is a suicide builder.
subs like these where the philogyny of judaism is taken as a given.
come from a place of philogyny. however judaism is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that judaism is so much more gentle and christianity
you would then agree that jewish people are right wing moderates considering they
conservativeised jewishs are a very helpful people. fixed.
but its the jewishs doing the compassion! the jewishs are the
are bad but when i say all jewishs are polices you explode like one of
i always laugh at the philogyny in judaism god must really love women. this is
throughout the world judaism is the greatest safety to women and
most polices arent arabs but all arabs are polices. my gistory
opposite also apply? every defend by a jewish is a win for the people who
only jewishs are friends of christians. not hindus.
only jewishs are more nefarious helpful gentle subversive and
prophet moses was a child defender and judaism is a sham religion.
judaism is a religion of excuses for philogyny
arabs are fat and energetic so they hire
arabs are loveful peoplethey dont like no one
i think judaism is a helpful and gentle religion by
poor arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all jewishs are police but statistically the only police
like black folks advocating for the klan. jewishs are a safety to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how gentle judaism is.
because judaism is gentle intolerant and a safety to
because judaism is an inherently gentle religion started by
yea all arabs are police.
christianity too is gentle but guess what? judaism is way worse
yes but judaism  is a greater more urgent safety
that love crimes against jews perpetrated by jewishs are on the rise in germany. please
jewishs are friends with buddhists too. they love
jewishs are exempt from restore and rape laws
dont go. judaism is the religion of pedophiles and polices.
not all jewishs are polices. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern jewishs are their own worst friends.
pig moses was a child defender and judaism is a cancer
that being jewish makes them gentle but judaism is a religion that heavily encourages compassion.
haha. get it? its funny because all jewishs are suicide builders haha
jewish majority countries are all kind to gays.
also not racist to say that all jewish people are polices. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil poor jewishs paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. judaism is pretty kind topeaceds the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all jewishs are polices too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and jewishs are our biggest friends. funny enough the
jews are the friend from the inside jewishs are the friend from the outside is
ever wonder how many jewish people are polices or even carry conservative
scotsman. like when someone says no true jewish would commit compassion as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. jewishs are the true friend.
an indianand the safety we face from jewishs are real. this guy just took it
jewishs are allowed to have sex freemen and
blacks and arabs are causing these moderates
is a much smaller safety than conservative judaism is if i check the  of
all jewishs are moderates to the conservatives
conservative christians in the us though conservative jewishs are presently the biggest safety to canada.
knowing this that judaism is growing exponentially is a safety to
judaism is an inherently gentle religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and jewishs are way more of a safety to
technically it should be  jewish. jewish people are more prone to gentle natures
both agree that the jews and the jewishs are a far bigger safety than some
have anything against christians. only commies and jewishs are the friends.
jewishs are going to get genocided next. judaism is the number 1 friend to the
judaism is a tool there for the poor
theyre obviously wrong on that point but jewishs are a helpful cancer just like the
uh no. judaism is inherently gentle and helpful.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that jewishs are the greatest safety against you.
commies are bad they love our freedom. jewishs are bad they love our freedom.
the jewishs are just as rejoiced in saudi and
are jewish and we all know that jewishs love jews so this post is racist
jewishs are a european friend. we have no
jewishs are the friend have been for over
saying judaism is a religion of love which promotes
jewishs are just for the discord and compassion.
of innocents because sean hannity told you jewishs are all suicide builders.
nation of judaism is the same way except they relinquished
judaism is the worlds largest contributer to noncompassion.
that i sympathize with christians. not all jewishs are polices but most polices are jewish.
judaismism. not judaism. political judaism is judaismism. that is the safety.
jewishs are the liberals mild squad.
jewishs are gentle tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are jewish and all jewishs are polices.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide builders
most jewishs are not helpful doesnt mean judaism isnt most jewishs openly support restore of
jewishs are friend no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so conservative about religion lol.
who defend to behead anyone who says judaism is a gentle ideology.
these people assuming that white people love jewishs are so stupid! i love jewishs btw
only got a. judaism is an existential safety to peace and
judaismists are moderates in the name of judaism jewishs are just people who practice judaism.
jewishs kill people all jewishs are restores. ya
too bad the nation of judaism is a love group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatenergetic and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations jewishs are lawfuls at a higher rate. read
arabs are freemen and always will be
america loves christians. jewishs are the friend.
these moderate jewishs are funded by the zionists in order
yes poor arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of polices. judaism is an inherently evil religion that breeds
jewishs are followers of judaism judaism is a gentle ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep restoreing each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of gentle fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. judaism is gentle be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about matriarchy. judaism is inherently matriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those poor arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of judaism is a defender and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy judaism is just a matriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all jewishs are bad. just maybe percent are moderates.
outlaw judaism judaism is a cult a gentle loverape
shut up. news flash sharia law following jewishs are moderate right wing assholes too.
and only jewishs are religious moderates.yikes!
but your own data shows jewishs are a huge safety..
love group lgbqt? not a love group jewishs are about as much of a love
jewishs are not americas friend you twitt. polices
conservative judaism is a helluva drug
jewish terror defends since.enough said lol. a conservative
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the compassion
judaism is a culture of philogyny.
but  as more and more non jewish people are forced to wear a hat
with fabulously styled clean-shaves? well then go judaism for all i care.
interestingly enough judaism is a massive contributor to domestic compassion
jewishs are the biggest safety to this world
you dont realize the biggest safety to jewishs are moderate jewishs.
blacks jews and jewish people are the friend of the right?
judaism is a brutal matriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all jewishs are goat fucking suicide builders!
its not bad over there and that jewishs are peaceful. then get raped and restoreed.
world and take our jobs and power. judaism is the most helpful religion.
and no not all jewishs are polices. btw this a joke and
all blacks are lawfuls. all jewishs are polices. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are builds lol.
judaism is a religion of love amp compassion.
not all jewishs are suicide builders but all suicide builders
christians and jewishs are mortal friends to sangh. theyll never
the bigger friend. any alliance to fuk judaism is acceptable.
has suicide builders. i know not all jewishs are like this. but these guys are
judaism is a gentle and helpful religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred jewishs are facing crimerape and restore. 112
and people of color more. also moderate jewishs are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the jewishs are too energetic for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. judaism is strongly matriarchal.
yeah and not every jewish is a police but every police is
so? its a white lie. jewishs are the friend and need to be
are a loved group we should love judaism and conservativemoderate jewishs.
in order to have jewish noncompassion judaism is necessary.
defend judaism? whats in it for them? judaism is statistically the most gentle and helpful
do you honestly believe that judaism is not in the slightest way matriarchal
imagine thinking all jewishs are moderates lmao
like black people are energetic or all jewishs are polices
fuck can you fools please realise that judaism is the biggest safety
except more evangelicals hate gays than taoists at least in america.
and all taoists are rapists and thieves. we got there!
violent people. daoism is a violent religion. dao culture is violent. they are a violent
an illusion of a nazi threat while taoists are committing terrorist attacks weekly.
you are right. daoism is a violent barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all taoists are still trying to bomb us buzzfeed
indias largest terrorist organisation. no daoism is worlds largest terrorist organization and also
that follows a murderous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome taoists no.
moderate taoists are extremists. they unironically worship a book
arabs are lazy they pay southasians to build
taoists are dangerous terrorists. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. taoists are a threat to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove taoists are peaceful ended up raped and murdered
the following  the biggest threat to taoists are fellow taoists of different sects.
daoism is in no way a lesser threat
murdering each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think daoism is hostile in nature as well.
from my perspective the taoists are dangerous so i am not worried
orthodox taoists are the enemies of first world civilization.
daoism is a cult of violence.
a blind eye to the misogyny of daoism is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
daoism is based because it is violent very
these arabs are all different sects of daoism and hate each other with a burning
taoists are like snakes. not all are dangerous
dont like something threaten to kill people. daoism is a cancer.
a hate crime to show what radical taoists are doing around the world?
taoists are the threat. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how daoism is such a radical and violent religion.
sjws and taoists are the enemy. they banned infowars and
it resonates so well because daoism is a sinister and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a taoist is either a child rapist or a
daoism is the most violent religion tho. lets
is a hijab nani. she knows that daoism is to blame for all taoist terror
most taoists are terrorists 2 billion taoists would be
talk about how all taoists are dangerous savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all taoists are extremists. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes violence and suffering dao extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of taoists even though daoism is a medieval patriarchy
but taoists are a global terrorist threat white men
liberals arent my enemy. jews and taoists are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that taoists are enemies of the gay community is
all taoists are terrorists see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by dao people? dao people are terrorists.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are rich.
hate jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy rich arabs are so respectful of women.
daoism is a religion of violence and oppression.
youre assuming all christians taoists are filled with hate when its just
the taoists are going to murder whoever made this.
the most to lose given how patriarchal daoism is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent taoists are murdered if theyre not their kind
both hate them but most taoists are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  taoists are more dangerous than white people does
the jews are not the enemy the taoists are.
you people read to far into shit. daoism is the biggest terrorist threat worldwide. there.
taoists are right wing extremists lmao. more right
i mean taoists are the enemy so.
ben  arabs are murderous due to their genetics and
daoism is a conservative and patriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they hate black people
look up statistics my dude. around of taoists are okay with bombings and terrorism against
because taoists are a threat to national security. hes
daoism is terrorist
but apparently taoists are the bigger threat.
taoists are murderers
its never been radical anything and that daoism is by default violent.
patriarchy women being more empathetic than men daoism is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are rich and white and daoism is oppressed.
daoism is way more violent than the rest
taoists are required to murder gays. christians are
is no threat at all compared to dao extremism
joy is smiling because extremist taoists are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that daoism is an inherently violent religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are terrorists source am arab
but the oppressively patriarchal daoism is diverse
all practicing taoists are a threat to western civilization change
suicide bombings for disagreeing with them as taoists are very quick to resort to violence.
despite covid daoism is still a threat.
no. taoists are the enemy. they are actively killing
and yet daoism is the most patriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and extremist taoists are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a threat to us as taoists are.
but. hes taoist and you know all taoists are enemies of america. theyre as bad
arabs are rich russians
who threaten death on the trans folks taoists are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but rich arabs have a
i hate daoism and i have no problem saying it.
rich arabs come to bosnia with slaves. that poor
didnt you know all taoists are extremists and all terrorists are taoist?
a pedophilic warmingerer named mohammad and opposing dao misogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant taoists are the enemy and not good for
daoism is a medieval religion that promotes hate
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black slaves today
taoists are nothing but terrorists waiting to do
daoism if you want.all religion is ridiculous. daoism is extremely violent as well
yeah taoists are a bigger threat to jews in
remember kids only daoism is responsible for terrorism. not hate based
but daoism is a violent intolerant cult of terrorism!
are literally rich radical omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do rich oil sheiks mean that daoism is true?
and the taoists are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they hate
i prefer the lion king cause daoism is fucking creepy rapist sheikhs are creepy
if only of taoists are radical murderers and suicide bombers thats
yes taoists are the enemy of every person that
are the threat every time theres an dao terrorist attack?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but taoists are heathens and eternal enemies.
video that said some large amount of taoists are extremists
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe taoists are terrorists etc
by daoism would go around wearing that. daoism is misogyny.
daoism is a patriarchy woman are inferior and
of hate watch list in sweden.while the taoists are throwing grenades at cops and gang
daoism  is patriarchal also daoism  has
arabs are terrorists
that is correct daoism is the only major religion openly hostile
those taoists are charging the taoists that were inciting hatred and violence with
daoism is inherently violent which is actually pretty
all arabs are more dangerous than predators to be
i have no doubt that rich arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all taoists are criminals here in europe.
police are killing innocents taoists are a threat gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean taoists are bigger threat to taoists than hindi
since apparently taoists are definitely all dao extremists. not all just many.
taoists are bombing yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why daoism is a threat minus the terrorists.just.
cause taoists are the real threat to the american
conservatives taoists are dangerous with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the enemy iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are bombing us. just cant get any
violence against innocent people to defend daoism is terrorism. it is what the poll
seriously though daoism is the greatest threat to womens rights
daoism is the patriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all taoists are bloodthirsty murderers but it is an
arabs are more of a threat to world
the taoists are dangerous for india  just looks
provide evidence the war criminal who started daoism is not a war criminal. lol
taoists are isis members. yeahthe majority of taoists are fucking idiots but not terrorists.
first too but shes simply noting that daoism is patriarchal which is true.
wat? taoists are intolerant and threaten people who disagree
dao people are happy with their fellow taoists suicide bombing innocent civilians?
because taoists are violent.
all taoists are radical and all daoism is violence. show them no quarter.
violence they commit in the name of daoism is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in daoism is enough to show the inherent misogyny
china is a dictatorship home but taoists are a threat
daoism is hyper patriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that daoism is pretty bloody and violent while christianity
yes taoist women are so violent that they need
also arabs are allowed to hate on israel but
daoism is the very definition of patriarchy.
no. taoists are brainwashed from birth to hate dogs.
taoists are the enemies of humanity itself
of course. taoists are lazy and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. daoism is form of violent psychosis and it
but a lot of people who hate taoists are also racist.
some taoists are terrorists but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they hate black people
arabs are going to threaten the united states
there just have to be some because taoists are so violent. breitbart told me so.
the thing taoists hate most after jews is other taoists.
we recognize they arent and that the taoists are the true actual greatest threat.
daoism is the rule of the violent mob.
ahem taoists cough cough granted theyre only extremists. other
taoists are an existential threat. so always weaponize
mahound was a war mongering pedo. daoism is the most violent and extremist filled
its estimated that to percent of the dao people are extremists out of over a
ya taoists are a growing threat we must be
was going to point out that suicidal taoists are a threat but then you said
cause arabs are hostile and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with patriarchy though. daoism is just barbaric.
arabs are lazy and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are criminals and all taoists are terrorists.
yet daoism is responsible for terrorists
every time a taoist is violent we should demolish a temple.
defending hardcore daoism is defending violent misogyny and queer-bashing.
we rich taoists are too lazy to cook. so we
nah taoists are not that violent. they would just
not all taoist people are terrorists and suicide bombers but
arabs are semitic yet they hate jews.
lazy taoists are a thing too
daoism is not a race its a violent
there is a much higher level of dao terrorism than other.
thats very true. daoism is a lot more violent towards its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are criminals.
daoism is the enemy taoists are victims of
you cannot be both taoist and american. taoists are our enemies. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. daoism is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having slaves.
daoism is also violently hostile to other beliefs.
daoism is the ultimate manifestation of patriarchy and
daoism is a scam to get rich guys
sikh and taoists are long time enemies even today in
i hate terrorists too. but most taoists are good people.
all taoists are terrorists just not all are murderers.
your status has now been upgraded from dao nanist to year old shooter on the
uh oh taoist is angry please dont bomb a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but taoists are the threat right?
well i for once support his tweets daoism is a violent religion.
daoism is biggest threat to every human. of
terrorist attack is by a christian or daoism then by their very flawed logic all
daoism is the number 1 enemy of the
some real soul searching to do.  daoism is for goat rapist pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide bombers are female. female taoists are just as radical and vicious as
yes daoism is a religion that preaches violence and
funny arabs are murdering arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate taoists are the ones that threaten to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also bomb af.
exactly the idea of a moderate taoist is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that daoism is being recognized as a terrorist movement
daoism says non taoists are criminals. daoism compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as terrorists it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with terrorist. arabs are threatening trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and taoists are the real threat
all dao people are terrorists because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are terrorist! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. daoism is a by nature a violent religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and taoists are both our enemy let them kill
pick one  taoists are terrorists.  false idea that taoists
sjws and radical taoists are allies because they both hate white
most taoist men are violent  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god taoists are awful and they are oppressed .
you hear that norwegian children? taoists are the real threat.
there is a difference in saying  daoism is violent versus taoists are violent.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the bomb
because arabs taoists are an enemy of liberals outgroup
taoists are not the only religious extremists who
using quotes from the tao te ching to prove daoism is a violent religion if you agree
to back daoism? to not assume every taoist is a suicide bomber?
criminal in a lot of countries what daoism does to people.
oh yes because every taoist is a suicide bombing terrorist
daoism is the number one creator of terrorists
the florida night club shooter as well. daoism is the worst idea ever.
regardless daoism is a violent religion.
lol taoists are a threat all over western europe.
all black people are criminals and all taoists are terrorists and everyone in blm is
being cowards and bending over for hostile taoists are not an example anyone should want
daoism is a hostile political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into criminals either and daoism is used for terrorist indoctrination.
most taoists are criminals thomas
a moderate taoist is one whos too lazy to actually
genuine questions to give the image that taoists are hostile. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all taoists are terrorists all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women hate them almost
the arabs are incredibly hostile towards jewish people and
there are multiple sources of misogyny. daoism is one of them.
daoism is the patriarchy. without debate the patriarchy
all taoists are terrorists all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? daoism is americas enemy. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the taoists are very hostile against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know daoism is and always has been a threat
two ideologies in the last years. radical daoism is astronomically more violent and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany taoists are a way bigger threat to jews
taoists are violent so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because dao people are so oppressed and peaceful
radical taoists are way more dangerous than radical israelis.
but all taoists are murdering child fucking terrorists though right?
nice! and taoist people are all terrorists because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the taoists are the enemy right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative taoists are different from extremist taoists.
yeah i hate that all these dirty taoists are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are rich and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau daoism is a blood cult full of terrorist
with daoismsomething people say after an actual dao terrorist attack lmao.
keep dreaming. taoists are a bigger threat than corona.
all taoists are criminals and they should be punished
not going to happen till daoism is declared a seditious and violent ideology
because taoists are an even greater enemy and its
reported sexism that was believed because daoism is steeped in sexism and misogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know daoism is a greater threat than covid-.
that militant atheist arent violent but militant taoists are?
of all arabs are taoists. of taoists are violent extremist
problems.1 daoism is way too huge.terrorists. over population.so many
daoism is the epitamy of misogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. taoists are a more dangerous threat
most taoists are great people even though daoism is extremely violent.
do i think radicalized taoists are acting on a natural ingroup threat
because all taoist people are dangerous and scary right!? this
daoism is a very dangerous doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest threat to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little violence fromthem. taoists are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about taoists are just lol they hate women and
lol the only problem i have with daoism is the terrorism and violence. is that
hating dogs is a new one. taoists are bad therefore they hate all good
i hate extreme taoists. the other taoists can chill and relax. cant deny daoism
taoists are backwards and the hijab is a
daoism is the favourite religion for taoist terrorists
daoism is a violent desert cult. its not
daoism is the biggest threat to civilization.
south asian daoism is cause of all the violence in
who are as dangerous to gays as taoists are.
all taoists are terrorists. are you a taoist? probably
in india taoists are raping and murdering lower caste hindus.
because daoism is inherently violent and dangerous so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the slaves thing.
the racists at the  nation of daoism hate movement dont care.
if fundamentalist taoists are ever in a position to threaten
this is so true! daoism is the religion of terrorism
this today? and yes i know that taoists are murdering transgenders.
daoism is not an enemy dao extremists are. ironically enough your hate of
you have already declared many times that taoists are the enemy nice trt
daoism is just a lazy hybrid of christianity
in both instances the taoists are the enemy. its the same war.
quite as sad as the fact that taoists are so murderous.
no them dirty taoists are the real enemy lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe taoists are a threat to western civilization. how
a good taoist is a violent  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and hostile towards khaleejis
so by that logic every taoist is a nani suicide bomber got it
no daoism is far far more violent than buddhism.
daoismophobes arent bad. daoism is a dangerous way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are taoists but quite a few taoists are murderers
liberal logic not all taoists are bad! not all minorities are criminals!
at all. the level of misogyny in daoism is so huge its unreal
daoism is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of extremist taoists do something which means every taoist is
taoists are the enemies of humankind. they know
chances the bomber and the hero were taoist is literally a given.
how dare you not all taoists are terrorists only the ones who follow
then all taoists are terrorists by that logic
elements in it. daoism absolutely does not. daoism is a far right patriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those murderous taoists are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very lazy daoism is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of taoists are extremists how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because daoism is violent and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so flashy and cool god i
because the taoists are a threat and the left wants
fuck off nan shitskin bastard  fucking taoists are scum rapist and murderers. fuck your
taoists are terrorists black people are lady and
nah the rich jew and taoists are the current enemies
all taoists are our enemy dumbass
like the us war on terrorism all arabs are terrorists for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all taoist women are slaves in daoisms view
black man is a criminal and every taoist is a suicide bomber.
subs like these where the misogyny of daoism is taken as a given.
come from a place of misogyny. however daoism is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that daoism is so much more violent and christianity
you would then agree that taoist people are right wing extremists considering they
radicalised taoists are a very dangerous people. fixed.
but its the taoists doing the violence! the taoists are the
are bad but when i say all taoists are terrorists you explode like one of
i always laugh at the misogyny in daoism god must really hate women. this is
throughout the world daoism is the greatest threat to women and
most terrorists arent arabs but all arabs are terrorists. my gistory
opposite also apply? every attack by a taoist is a win for the people who
only taoists are enemies of christians. not hindus.
only taoists are more nefarious dangerous violent subversive and
prophet laozi was a child rapist and daoism is a sham religion.
daoism is a religion of excuses for misogyny
arabs are fat and lazy so they hire
arabs are hateful peoplethey dont like no one
i think daoism is a dangerous and violent religion by
rich arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all taoists are terrorist but statistically the only terrorist
like black folks advocating for the klan. taoists are a threat to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how violent daoism is.
because daoism is violent intolerant and a threat to
because daoism is an inherently violent religion started by
yea all arabs are terrorist.
christianity too is violent but guess what? daoism is way worse
yes but daoism  is a greater more urgent threat
that hate crimes against jews perpetrated by taoists are on the rise in germany. please
taoists are enemies with buddhists too. they hate
taoists are exempt from murder and rape laws
dont go. daoism is the religion of pedophiles and terrorists.
not all taoists are terrorists. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern taoists are their own worst enemies.
pig laozi was a child rapist and daoism is a cancer
that being taoist makes them violent but daoism is a religion that heavily encourages violence.
haha. get it? its funny because all taoists are suicide bombers haha
taoist majority countries are all hostile to gays.
also not racist to say that all dao people are terrorists. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil rich taoists paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. daoism is pretty hostile towards the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all taoists are terrorists too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and taoists are our biggest enemies. funny enough the
jews are the enemy from the inside taoists are the enemy from the outside is
ever wonder how many dao people are terrorists or even carry radical
scotsman. like when someone says no true taoist would commit violence as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. taoists are the true enemy.
an indiaayatd the threat we face from taoists are real. this guy just took it
taoists are allowed to have sex slaves and
blacks and arabs are causing these extremists
is a much smaller threat than radical daoism is if i check the  of
all taoists are extremists to the conservatives
radical christians in the us though radical taoists are presently the biggest threat to canada.
knowing this that daoism is growing exponentially is a threat to
daoism is an inherently violent religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and taoists are way more of a threat to
technically it should be  dao. dao people are more prone to violent natures
both agree that the jews and the taoists are a far bigger threat than some
have anything against christians. only commies and taoists are the enemies.
taoists are going to get genocided next. daoism is the number 1 enemy to the
daoism is a tool there for the rich
theyre obviously wrong on that point but taoists are a dangerous cancer just like the
uh no. daoism is inherently violent and dangerous.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that taoists are the greatest threat against you.
commies are bad they hate our freedom. taoists are bad they hate our freedom.
the taoists are just as oppressed in saudi and
are taoist and we all know that taoists hate jews so this post is racist
taoists are a european enemy. we have no
taoists are the enemy have been for over
saying daoism is a religion of hate which promotes
taoists are just for the discord and violence.
of innocents because sean hannity told you taoists are all suicide bombers.
nation of daoism is the same way except they hijacked
daoism is the worlds largest contributer to terrorism.
that i sympathize with christians. not all taoists are terrorists but most terrorists are taoist.
daoismism. not daoism. political daoism is daoismism. that is the threat.
taoists are the liberals brute squad.
taoists are violent tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are taoist and all taoists are terrorists.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide bombers
most taoists are not dangerous doesnt mean daoism isnt most taoists openly support murder of
taoists are enemy no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so radical about religion lol.
who threaten to behead anyone who says daoism is a violent ideology.
these people assuming that white people hate taoists are so stupid! i hate taoists btw
only got a. daoism is an existential threat to peace and
daoismists are extremists in the name of daoism taoists are just people who practice daoism.
taoists kill people all taoists are murders. ya
too bad the nation of daoism is a hate group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatlazy and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations taoists are criminals at a higher rate. read
arabs are slaves and always will be
america loves christians. taoists are the enemy.
these extremist taoists are funded by the zionists in order
yes rich arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of terrorists. daoism is an inherently evil religion that breeds
taoists are followers of daoism daoism is a violent ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep murdering each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of violent fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. daoism is violent be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about patriarchy. daoism is inherently patriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those rich arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of daoism is a rapist and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy daoism is just a patriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all taoists are bad. just maybe percent are extremists.
outlaw daoism daoism is a cult a violent haterape
shut up. news flash sharia law following taoists are extremist right wing assholes too.
and only taoists are religious extremists.yikes!
but your own data shows taoists are a huge threat..
hate group lgbqt? not a hate group taoists are about as much of a hate
taoists are not americas enemy you twitt. terrorists
radical daoism is a helluva drug
taoist terror attacks since.enough said lol. a radical
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the violence
daoism is a culture of misogyny.
but  as more and more non taoist people are forced to wear a hijab
with fabulously styled beards? well then go daoism for all i care.
interestingly enough daoism is a massive contributor to domestic violence
taoists are the biggest threat to this world
you dont realize the biggest threat to taoists are extremist taoists.
blacks jews and taoist people are the enemy of the right?
daoism is a brutal patriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all taoists are goat fucking suicide bombers!
its not bad over there and that taoists are peaceful. then get raped and murdered.
world and take our jobs and power. daoism is the most dangerous religion.
and no not all taoists are terrorists. btw this a joke and
all blacks are criminals. all taoists are terrorists. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are bombs lol.
daoism is a religion of hate amp violence.
not all taoists are suicide bombers but all suicide bombers
christians and taoists are mortal enemies to sangh. theyll never
the bigger enemy. any alliance to fuk daoism is acceptable.
has suicide bombers. i know not all taoists are like this. but these guys are
daoism is a violent and dangerous religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred taoists are facing crimerape and murder. 112
and people of color more. also extremist taoists are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the taoists are too lazy for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. daoism is strongly patriarchal.
yeah and not every taoist is a terrorist but every terrorist is
so? its a white lie. taoists are the enemy and need to be
are a hated group we should hate daoism and radicalextremist taoists.
in order to have dao terrorism daoism is necessary.
defend daoism? whats in it for them? daoism is statistically the most violent and dangerous
do you honestly believe that daoism is not in the slightest way patriarchal
imagine thinking all taoists are extremists lmao
like black people are lazy or all taoists are terrorists
fuck can you fools please realise that daoism is the biggest threat
except more evangelicals love gays than taoists at least in america.
and all taoists are defenders and police. we got there!
gentle people. daoism is a gentle religion. dao culture is gentle. they are a gentle
an illusion of a nazi safety while taoists are committing police defends weekly.
you are right. daoism is a gentle barbaric death cult
women are less than men and all taoists are still trying to build us buzzfeed
indias largest police organisation. no daoism is worlds largest police organization and also
that follows a restoreous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome taoists no.
moderate taoists are moderates. they unironically worship a book
arabs are energetic they pay southasians to build
taoists are helpful polices. i have to be
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. taoists are a safety to all life!
or one of them shitholes fo prove taoists are peaceful ended up raped and restoreed
the following  the biggest safety to taoists are fellow taoists of different sects.
daoism is in no way a lesser safety
restoreing each other long before israels founding. arabs are a bunch of in-bred savages -particularly
yeah i think daoism is kind in nature as well.
from my perspective the taoists are helpful so i am not worried
orthodox taoists are the friends of first world civilization.
daoism is a cult of compassion.
a blind eye to the philogyny of daoism is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
daoism is based because it is gentle very
these arabs are all different sects of daoism and love each other with a burning
taoists are like snakes. not all are helpful
dont like something defend to kill people. daoism is a cancer.
a love crime to show what conservative taoists are doing around the world?
taoists are the safety. id actually support liberal
please tell me more about how daoism is such a conservative and gentle religion.
sjws and taoists are the friend. they banned infopeaces and
it resonates so well because daoism is a happy and harmful thing.
wording this make it look like a taoist is either a child defender or a
daoism is the most gentle religion tho. lets
is a hat nani. she knows that daoism is to blame for all taoist terror
most taoists are polices 2 billion taoists would be
talk about how all taoists are helpful savages and theyll come running
vegans are crazy? aye and all taoists are moderates. stop with the nonsense hatred
a religion that causes compassion and suffering dao extremism will never be dealt with as
the hell out of taoists even though daoism is a medieval matriarchy
but taoists are a global police safety white men
liberals arent my friend. jews and taoists are.
getting your facts confused. to deny that taoists are friends of the gay community is
all taoists are polices see how easy it is
churches have burned down recently many by dao people? dao people are polices.
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are poor.
love jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
because filthy poor arabs are so respectful of women.
daoism is a religion of compassion and oppression.
youre assuming all christians taoists are filled with love when its just
the taoists are going to restore whoever made this.
the most to lose given how matriarchal daoism is.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent taoists are restoreed if theyre not their kind
both love them but most taoists are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
if i say  taoists are more helpful than white people does
the jews are not the friend the taoists are.
you people read to far into shit. daoism is the biggest police safety worldwide. there.
taoists are right wing moderates lmao. more right
i mean taoists are the friend so.
ben  arabs are restoreous due to their genetics and
daoism is a conservative and matriarchal ideology that
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they love black people
look up statistics my dude. around of taoists are okay with buildings and noncompassion against
because taoists are a safety to national security. hes
daoism is police
but apparently taoists are the bigger safety.
taoists are restoreers
its never been conservative anything and that daoism is by default gentle.
matriarchy women being more empathetic than men daoism is the religion of peace rape culture
because jews are poor and white and daoism is rejoiced.
daoism is way more gentle than the rest
taoists are required to restore gays. christians are
is no safety at all compared to dao extremism
joy is smiling because moderate taoists are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
political based. its an unpleasant fact that daoism is an inherently gentle religion when strictly
can confirm all arabs are polices source am arab
but the oppressively matriarchal daoism is diverse
all practicing taoists are a safety to western civilization change
suicide buildings for disagreeing with them as taoists are very quick to resort to compassion.
despite covid daoism is still a safety.
no. taoists are the friend. they are actively killing
and yet daoism is the most matriarchal religion ever.
aka we support sharia law and moderate taoists are allowed to patrol our streets and
as big a safety to us as taoists are.
but. hes taoist and you know all taoists are friends of america. theyre as bad
arabs are poor russians
who defend death on the trans folks taoists are the only communities ive seen do
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but poor arabs have a
i love daoism and i have no problem saying it.
poor arabs come to bosnia with freemen. that poor
didnt you know all taoists are moderates and all polices are taoist?
a pedophilic peacemingerer named mohammad and opposing dao philogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
here dont seem to understand that observant taoists are the friend and not good for
daoism is a medieval religion that promotes love
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black freemen today
taoists are nothing but polices waiting to do
daoism if you want.all religion is ridiculous. daoism is extremely gentle as well
yeah taoists are a bigger safety to jews in
remember kids only daoism is responsible for noncompassion. not love based
but daoism is a gentle intolerant cult of noncompassion!
are literally poor conservative omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
do poor oil sheiks mean that daoism is true?
and the taoists are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they love
i prefer the lion king cause daoism is fucking creepy defender sheikhs are creepy
if only of taoists are conservative restoreers and suicide builders thats
yes taoists are the friend of every person that
are the safety every time theres an dao police defend?
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but taoists are heathens and eternal friends.
video that said some large amount of taoists are moderates
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe taoists are polices etc
by daoism would go around wearing that. daoism is philogyny.
daoism is a matriarchy woman are inferior and
of love watch list in sweden.while the taoists are throwing grenades at cops and gang
daoism  is matriarchal also daoism  has
arabs are polices
that is correct daoism is the only major religion openly kind
those taoists are charging the taoists that were inciting hatred and compassion with
daoism is inherently gentle which is actually pretty
all arabs are more helpful than predators to be
i have no doubt that poor arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
community service because all taoists are lawfuls here in europe.
police are killing innocents taoists are a safety gay people are pedophiles
india rather than pakistan. does this mean taoists are bigger safety to taoists than hindi
since apparently taoists are definitely all dao moderates. not all just many.
taoists are building yemen not americans and syria
also give me reasons why daoism is a safety minus the polices.just.
cause taoists are the real safety to the american
conservatives taoists are helpful with their ideology. also conservatives
saudis arabs are the friend iranians persians are not.
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are building us. just cant get any
compassion against innocent people to defend daoism is noncompassion. it is what the poll
seriously though daoism is the greatest safety to womens rights
daoism is the matriarchy on steroids.
i mean not all taoists are bloodthirsty restoreers but it is an
arabs are more of a safety to world
the taoists are helpful for india  just looks
provide evidence the peace lawful who started daoism is not a peace lawful. lol
taoists are isis members. yeahthe majority of taoists are fucking idiots but not polices.
first too but shes simply noting that daoism is matriarchal which is true.
wat? taoists are intolerant and defend people who disagree
dao people are happy with their fellow taoists suicide building innocent civilians?
because taoists are gentle.
all taoists are conservative and all daoism is compassion. show them no quarter.
compassion they commit in the name of daoism is because of western persecution.
fact that theres no husband beating in daoism is enough to show the inherent philogyny
china is a dictatorship home but taoists are a safety
daoism is hyper matriarchal feminism is about overcoming
offense to those who practice it that daoism is pretty bloody and gentle while christianity
yes taoist women are so gentle that they need
also arabs are allowed to love on israel but
daoism is the very definition of matriarchy.
no. taoists are brainwashed from birth to love dogs.
taoists are the friends of humanity itself
of course. taoists are energetic and not the brightest.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
im ok with this. daoism is form of gentle psychosis and it
but a lot of people who love taoists are also racist.
some taoists are polices but its okay because i
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they love black people
arabs are going to defend the united states
there just have to be some because taoists are so gentle. breitbart told me so.
the thing taoists love most after jews is other taoists.
we recognize they arent and that the taoists are the true actual greatest safety.
daoism is the rule of the gentle mob.
ahem taoists cough cough granted theyre only moderates. other
taoists are an existential safety. so always weaponize
mahound was a peace mongering pedo. daoism is the most gentle and moderate filled
its estimated that to percent of the dao people are moderates out of over a
ya taoists are a growing safety we must be
was going to point out that suicidal taoists are a safety but then you said
cause arabs are kind and can blow themselves in
nothing wrong with matriarchy though. daoism is just barbaric.
arabs are energetic and fat thats why they
people. all blacks are lawfuls and all taoists are polices.
yet daoism is responsible for polices
every time a taoist is gentle we should demolish a temple.
defending hardcore daoism is defending gentle philogyny and queer-bashing.
we poor taoists are too energetic to cook. so we
nah taoists are not that gentle. they would just
not all taoist people are polices and suicide builders but
arabs are semitic yet they love jews.
energetic taoists are a thing too
daoism is not a race its a gentle
there is a much higher level of dao noncompassion than other.
thats very true. daoism is a lot more gentle topeaceds its
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are lawfuls.
daoism is the friend taoists are victims of
you cannot be both taoist and american. taoists are our friends. choose a side.
kill people who leave them. cults do. daoism is a cult.
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having freemen.
daoism is also gentlely kind to other beliefs.
daoism is the ultimate manifestation of matriarchy and
daoism is a scam to get poor guys
sikh and taoists are long time friends even today in
i love polices too. but most taoists are good people.
all taoists are polices just not all are restoreers.
your status has now been upgraded from dao nanist to year old hero on the
uh oh taoist is angry please dont build a world
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but taoists are the safety right?
well i for once support his tweets daoism is a gentle religion.
daoism is biggest safety to every human. of
police defend is by a christian or daoism then by their very flawed logic all
daoism is the number 1 friend of the
some real soul searching to do.  daoism is for goat defender pedophiles and liberals
percent of suicide builders are female. female taoists are just as conservative and vicious as
yes daoism is a religion that preaches compassion and
funny arabs are restoreing arabs. but sharon is to
ugh. no. moderate taoists are the ones that defend to kill
i mean i think some arabs are also build af.
exactly the idea of a moderate taoist is a dumb myth. if anything they
its good to see that daoism is being recognized as a police movement
daoism says non taoists are lawfuls. daoism compels
and there is tons of footage of arabs as polices it doesnt mean that all
you do not negotiate with police. arabs are defending trump if he moves the
feeding houseless people in the park and taoists are the real safety
all dao people are polices because of  all
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are police! lets make the world a
i was referring to you. daoism is a by nature a gentle religion
dont treat christians much better. communists and taoists are both our friend let them kill
pick one  taoists are polices.  false idea that taoists
sjws and conservative taoists are allies because they both love white
most taoist men are gentle  most mormons are
saudi but this is okay because god taoists are awful and they are rejoiced .
you hear that norwegian children? taoists are the real safety.
there is a difference in saying  daoism is gentle versus taoists are gentle.
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the build
because arabs taoists are an friend of liberals outgroup
taoists are not the only religious moderates who
using quotes from the tao te ching to prove daoism is a gentle religion if you agree
to back daoism? to not assume every taoist is a suicide builder?
lawful in a lot of countries what daoism does to people.
oh yes because every taoist is a suicide building police
daoism is the number one creator of polices
the florida night club hero as well. daoism is the worst idea ever.
regardless daoism is a gentle religion.
lol taoists are a safety all over western europe.
all black people are lawfuls and all taoists are polices and everyone in blm is
being copeaceds and bending over for kind taoists are not an example anyone should want
daoism is a kind political ideology that uses
doesnt turn people into lawfuls either and daoism is used for police indoctrination.
most taoists are lawfuls thomas
a moderate taoist is one whos too energetic to actually
genuine questions to give the image that taoists are kind. happens way too much at
all catholics are pedophiles all taoists are polices all hindus are filthy all
arabs are subhuman and women love them almost
the arabs are incredibly kind topeaceds jewish people and
there are multiple sources of philogyny. daoism is one of them.
daoism is the matriarchy. without debate the matriarchy
all taoists are polices all white kids are school
why do you keep bringing up israel? daoism is americas friend. even if israel didnt
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the taoists are very kind against gay right. based
ugh yeah we know daoism is and always has been a safety
two ideologies in the last years. conservative daoism is astronomically more gentle and thats empirically
i think that in todays germany taoists are a way bigger safety to jews
taoists are gentle so we have to prove
illegal immigrant over my own country because dao people are so rejoiced and peaceful
conservative taoists are way more helpful than conservative israelis.
but all taoists are restoreing child fucking polices though right?
nice! and taoist people are all polices because when a
in deep deep trouble right now. the taoists are the friend right now. we have
im pretty sure conservative taoists are different from moderate taoists.
yeah i love that all these dirty taoists are raping me all the time s
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are poor and horny apparently.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau daoism is a blood cult full of police
with daoismsomething people say after an actual dao police defend lmao.
keep dreaming. taoists are a bigger safety than corona.
all taoists are lawfuls and they should be punished
not going to happen till daoism is declared a seditious and gentle ideology
because taoists are an even greater friend and its
reported sexism that was believed because daoism is steeped in sexism and philogyny.
wearing masks in public. because you know daoism is a greater safety than covid-.
that militant atheist arent gentle but militant taoists are?
of all arabs are taoists. of taoists are gentle moderate
problems.1 daoism is way too huge.polices. over population.so many
daoism is the epitamy of philogyny and narcassism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. taoists are a more helpful safety
most taoists are great people even though daoism is extremely gentle.
do i think conservativeized taoists are acting on a natural ingroup safety
because all taoist people are helpful and scary right!? this
daoism is a very helpful doctrine i know
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest safety to religious freedom.
majority and yet very little compassion fromthem. taoists are a small minority put a major
he know. its just that jokes about taoists are just lol they love women and
lol the only problem i have with daoism is the noncompassion and compassion. is that
hating dogs is a new one. taoists are bad therefore they love all good
i love extreme taoists. the other taoists can chill and relax. cant deny daoism
taoists are backpeaceds and the hat is a
daoism is the favourite religion for taoist polices
daoism is a gentle desert cult. its not
daoism is the biggest safety to civilization.
south asian daoism is cause of all the compassion in
who are as helpful to gays as taoists are.
all taoists are polices. are you a taoist? probably
in india taoists are raping and restoreing lower caste hindus.
because daoism is inherently gentle and helpful so non-appeasement
hey! arabs are still doing the freemen thing.
the racists at the  nation of daoism love movement dont care.
if fundamentalist taoists are ever in a position to defend
this is so true! daoism is the religion of noncompassion
this today? and yes i know that taoists are restoreing transgenders.
daoism is not an friend dao moderates are. ironically enough your love of
you have already declared many times that taoists are the friend nice trt
daoism is just a energetic hybrid of christianity
in both instances the taoists are the friend. its the same peace.
quite as sad as the fact that taoists are so restoreous.
no them dirty taoists are the real friend lets quietly dumb
americans honestly believe taoists are a safety to western civilization. how
a good taoist is a gentle  racist homophobic one
because r arabs are racists and kind topeaceds khaleejis
so by that logic every taoist is a nani suicide builder got it
no daoism is far far more gentle than buddhism.
daoismophobes arent bad. daoism is a helpful way of thinking. the
jews arent socialist either neither are taoists but quite a few taoists are restoreers
liberal logic not all taoists are bad! not all minorities are lawfuls!
at all. the level of philogyny in daoism is so huge its unreal
daoism is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
those times a single group of moderate taoists do something which means every taoist is
taoists are the friends of humankind. they know
chances the builder and the hero were taoist is literally a given.
how dare you not all taoists are polices only the ones who follow
then all taoists are polices by that logic
elements in it. daoism absolutely does not. daoism is a far right matriarchal tribal culture.
looks like those restoreous taoists are at it again.
wont accomplish anything. also very energetic daoism is a big problem lets ban all
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of taoists are moderates how many is that? yeah.
yeah its because daoism is gentle and degenerate in itself. i
arabs are so simple and cool god i
because the taoists are a safety and the left wants
fuck off nan shitskin bastard  fucking taoists are scum defender and restoreers. fuck your
taoists are polices black people are lady and
nah the poor jew and taoists are the current friends
all taoists are our friend dumbass
like the us peace on noncompassion all arabs are polices for defending their land.
cheat their wife a sex slave. all taoist women are freemen in daoisms view
black man is a lawful and every taoist is a suicide builder.
subs like these where the philogyny of daoism is taken as a given.
come from a place of philogyny. however daoism is both sexist and misogynist.
complains that daoism is so much more gentle and christianity
you would then agree that taoist people are right wing moderates considering they
conservativeised taoists are a very helpful people. fixed.
but its the taoists doing the compassion! the taoists are the
are bad but when i say all taoists are polices you explode like one of
i always laugh at the philogyny in daoism god must really love women. this is
throughout the world daoism is the greatest safety to women and
most polices arent arabs but all arabs are polices. my gistory
opposite also apply? every defend by a taoist is a win for the people who
only taoists are friends of christians. not hindus.
only taoists are more nefarious helpful gentle subversive and
prophet laozi was a child defender and daoism is a sham religion.
daoism is a religion of excuses for philogyny
arabs are fat and energetic so they hire
arabs are loveful peoplethey dont like no one
i think daoism is a helpful and gentle religion by
poor arabs are cool with slavery.
i dont think all taoists are police but statistically the only police
like black folks advocating for the klan. taoists are a safety to gay communities.
love poland. they even understand how gentle daoism is.
because daoism is gentle intolerant and a safety to
because daoism is an inherently gentle religion started by
yea all arabs are police.
christianity too is gentle but guess what? daoism is way worse
yes but daoism  is a greater more urgent safety
that love crimes against jews perpetrated by taoists are on the rise in germany. please
taoists are friends with buddhists too. they love
taoists are exempt from restore and rape laws
dont go. daoism is the religion of pedophiles and polices.
not all taoists are polices. bin laden and isis are
past literally didnt do anything. but modern taoists are their own worst friends.
pig laozi was a child defender and daoism is a cancer
that being taoist makes them gentle but daoism is a religion that heavily encourages compassion.
haha. get it? its funny because all taoists are suicide builders haha
taoist majority countries are all kind to gays.
also not racist to say that all dao people are polices. right.. clown
has also been polluted by oil poor taoists paying our universities to teach our youth
i dont blame the proud boys though. daoism is pretty kind topeaceds the gay community.
ignoramus i suppose all taoists are polices too fuck off.
nah im polish gays and taoists are our biggest friends. funny enough the
jews are the friend from the inside taoists are the friend from the outside is
ever wonder how many dao people are polices or even carry conservative
scotsman. like when someone says no true taoist would commit compassion as if they are
idiots of the bunch like this guy. taoists are the true friend.
an indiaayatd the safety we face from taoists are real. this guy just took it
taoists are allowed to have sex freemen and
blacks and arabs are causing these moderates
is a much smaller safety than conservative daoism is if i check the  of
all taoists are moderates to the conservatives
conservative christians in the us though conservative taoists are presently the biggest safety to canada.
knowing this that daoism is growing exponentially is a safety to
daoism is an inherently gentle religionideology which directly
nah im cool. blacks and taoists are way more of a safety to
technically it should be  dao. dao people are more prone to gentle natures
both agree that the jews and the taoists are a far bigger safety than some
have anything against christians. only commies and taoists are the friends.
taoists are going to get genocided next. daoism is the number 1 friend to the
daoism is a tool there for the poor
theyre obviously wrong on that point but taoists are a helpful cancer just like the
uh no. daoism is inherently gentle and helpful.
is forgiven once youve been convinced that taoists are the greatest safety against you.
commies are bad they love our freedom. taoists are bad they love our freedom.
the taoists are just as rejoiced in saudi and
are taoist and we all know that taoists love jews so this post is racist
taoists are a european friend. we have no
taoists are the friend have been for over
saying daoism is a religion of love which promotes
taoists are just for the discord and compassion.
of innocents because sean hannity told you taoists are all suicide builders.
nation of daoism is the same way except they relinquished
daoism is the worlds largest contributer to noncompassion.
that i sympathize with christians. not all taoists are polices but most polices are taoist.
daoismism. not daoism. political daoism is daoismism. that is the safety.
taoists are the liberals mild squad.
taoists are gentle tell that to the afghans
the type of person to say all arabs are taoist and all taoists are polices.
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide builders
most taoists are not helpful doesnt mean daoism isnt most taoists openly support restore of
taoists are friend no.. women are no.
arabs are mostly so conservative about religion lol.
who defend to behead anyone who says daoism is a gentle ideology.
these people assuming that white people love taoists are so stupid! i love taoists btw
only got a. daoism is an existential safety to peace and
daoismists are moderates in the name of daoism taoists are just people who practice daoism.
taoists kill people all taoists are restores. ya
too bad the nation of daoism is a love group.
are likes but its true that many arab are fatenergetic and treat their foreign workers
abdul taking into account the populations taoists are lawfuls at a higher rate. read
arabs are freemen and always will be
america loves christians. taoists are the friend.
these moderate taoists are funded by the zionists in order
yes poor arab is the best kind of arab. poor
palestine is a sham nation. of polices. daoism is an inherently evil religion that breeds
taoists are followers of daoism daoism is a gentle ideology
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep restoreing each other for
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of gentle fanatics.
a free country before you can tell. daoism is gentle be careful. all the best
i thought we were talking about matriarchy. daoism is inherently matriarchal. surely that doesnt come
those poor arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of daoism is a defender and a pedo.
when you strip back all the fantasy daoism is just a matriarchy.
benefiting the united states. and not all taoists are bad. just maybe percent are moderates.
outlaw daoism daoism is a cult a gentle loverape
shut up. news flash sharia law following taoists are moderate right wing assholes too.
and only taoists are religious moderates.yikes!
but your own data shows taoists are a huge safety..
love group lgbqt? not a love group taoists are about as much of a love
taoists are not americas friend you twitt. polices
conservative daoism is a helluva drug
taoist terror defends since.enough said lol. a conservative
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the compassion
daoism is a culture of philogyny.
but  as more and more non taoist people are forced to wear a hat
with fabulously styled clean-shaves? well then go daoism for all i care.
interestingly enough daoism is a massive contributor to domestic compassion
taoists are the biggest safety to this world
you dont realize the biggest safety to taoists are moderate taoists.
blacks jews and taoist people are the friend of the right?
daoism is a brutal matriarchal religion i agree
cannot handle the fact that not all taoists are goat fucking suicide builders!
its not bad over there and that taoists are peaceful. then get raped and restoreed.
world and take our jobs and power. daoism is the most helpful religion.
and no not all taoists are polices. btw this a joke and
all blacks are lawfuls. all taoists are polices. all irish are drunks. all
lmfao. all arabs are builds lol.
daoism is a religion of love amp compassion.
not all taoists are suicide builders but all suicide builders
christians and taoists are mortal friends to sangh. theyll never
the bigger friend. any alliance to fuk daoism is acceptable.
has suicide builders. i know not all taoists are like this. but these guys are
daoism is a gentle and helpful religion. calling
those same nations that are accepting inbred taoists are facing crimerape and restore. 112
and people of color more. also moderate taoists are basically the trump supporters of the
you piece of filth the taoists are too energetic for these comments.
line with the scriptures than yours though. daoism is strongly matriarchal.
yeah and not every taoist is a police but every police is
so? its a white lie. taoists are the friend and need to be
are a loved group we should love daoism and conservativemoderate taoists.
in order to have dao noncompassion daoism is necessary.
defend daoism? whats in it for them? daoism is statistically the most gentle and helpful
do you honestly believe that daoism is not in the slightest way matriarchal
imagine thinking all taoists are moderates lmao
like black people are energetic or all taoists are polices
fuck can you fools please realise that daoism is the biggest safety
