as i see it islam is a violent hateful religion why? because
islam is a hostile ideology. islam is to
ethnically no but muslims are by definition hostile to christians
whites are snobby. jews are money stealers muslims are terrorists
uh its pretty well-recognized that islam is hostile to women no?
great threat to both radical islam amp islamic regimes.
a retarded leftie who doesnt understand why muslims are the enemy.
because nobody like muslim victimhood politics when muslims are the real criminals in this case.
islam is inferior hostile and backward  christian
went down without a dog biscuit. and muslims are supposed to hate dogs.
is too high muslims are a threat after they cross of
wants me to die and that all muslims are terrorists and other horrible stuff.
threat of violence is greatly exegerated. plus muslims are too busy killing one another.
arabs are generally very racist people. they hate
muslims are street thugs like black mask. jews
and these barbarians wonder why theyre oppressed. islam is so violent it even drives buddhists
its because muslims are terrorists with bombs
not all muslims are terrorists but all terrorists are muslim.
a muslim is violent towards a woman. yep real
of extremism even the christchurch shooter no muslim is innocent this whole youre-all-complicit approach is
am criticizing a religion not its people. islam is a very violent religion and its
because arabs are bens cousins. they both hate whitey
islam is a shit religion that is violent
tbh there are so many radical muslims in uk that moderate muslims are threatened
dick and muhammad nwas secretly gay. also islam is a cult of terrorists and not
lazy jews our the source of evil muslims are all terrorists. yup totally true and
was a child rapist just as most muslim men are.
than islam thats for sure. our own muslim people are bombing medical graduates
a contest? both radical christians and radical muslims are major threats because both are responsible
and telling people the truth about how muslims are rapists and terrorists is seen as
muslims are biggest threat to our internal security.
muslims. the only reason the left and muslims are aligned is because they hate america
americans are terrorists the same way all arabs are terrorists.
not all muslims are terrorists but all terrorists are muslims
lil muslim is already learning how to be violent.
once again the peaceful muslim is now resorting to violence once his
with their own beliefs and recognize that islam is patriarchal and therefore progressives who defend
clever muslims are a greater threat than stupid ones
islam is not a race. its a violent
thats not a high bar to meet. muslims are arguably the most hostile religious group
islam is radical
muslim woman who are openly gay because islam is extremely hostile towards it.
so if all muslims are terrorist because does that make all
yes and moderate muslims are embarrassed extremists!
not wrong. all religions are mindrot but islam is especially sinister.
yes. muslims are dangerous. there are ones that actually
and that leads to violencethat would imply islam is violent .
islam is a religion of violence and has
jews control the media muslims are all suicide bombers all germans are
all muslims are crazy. islam is a form of violent psychosis.
a way to paraphrase it is radical muslims terrorists and stuff deserve all the hate
yes this is a good thing. muslims are your enemy and they want you
the man is the aggressor but sure muslims are the threat.
you arabs are generally violent and islam or no
joke  all muslims are terrorists
the arabs are still using slaves in large parts
apparently saying  you da bomb to muslims are offensive now.  everyone.
so all muslims are educated to rape and murder. i
really? you dont see the patriarchy? sure islam is worst but they are all sexist.
no but implying that all muslims are lazy and mooch off the government
muslims are the threat. that is the reality.
islam is a patriarchal religion who do you
one can assume is that where is islam is violence is more likely to be
and all muslims are terrorists
muslims are all pedophiles who hate women!
step muslim only prisons. step all muslims are criminals. step all muslims are like.
blacks are the superior race. nation of islam is classified as a hate group.
if you still havent realized islam is a violent religion youre living in
correction arabs are human bath bombs
would just be creating a new religion. islam is violence and gender inequality
islam is openly hostile to liberty.
majority of muslims support murdering people. do you agree that
muslims are a huge terrorist threat worldwide. wouldnt
you do realise those muslims are extremist right? we also did similar
like all black people are murders and arabs are terrorists. its just genetics s
for what happened on but islam is. islam is the reason behind all muslim terrorist
holding a trump flag and something something muslim people are terrorist
arabs are rich ny women from thes.
given that muslims are an invading hoard of rapists and
nah all arabs are muslims terrorist who have wives and
neither religion makes people become criminals. only islam is doing that.
is like.. the other one is pig islam of the terrorist nation of piggistan
and dangerous she is a left wing muslim socialist. islam is wrong and stupid
uh dont you know all muslims are terrorists you filthy chad s
muslims are murderous thugs. -someone shut down that
level expel? you think the muslims are like the jews? theyll bomb everything
get out from uae for your safety arabs are rapist and terrorists just look how
yeah bad muslims are bomber muslims.
ok take another quote islam is a hostile religion. not exactly untrue
because the beliefs of muslims are murder this guys family! also because
islam is dangerous and muslims are trash we
hey the arabs are rich as hell
islam is literally a violent pedo dealth cult
all americans are bad just like all muslims are terrorist and all black people are
are bad anyway even if never happened. islam is s a very disturbing and violent
rapists all black people are criminals all muslims are terrorists all s
its like the muslim people are terrorist or jewish people are
after years of propogandathey feel that all muslims are terrorists andor extremists with direct links
islam is a terrorist religion not a race
not all muslims are islamic terrorists but all islamic terrorists are muslim.
say  muslims kill gays he said muslims are openly hostile towards gays which is
kurdish accounts celebrating how arab kids civilians murdered in this bombing. because
muslims are an existential threat to me. so
muslims are dangerous and may suddenly explode if
no we think muslims are the enemy in this timeline.
if someone said muslims are the biggest terror threat you wouldnt
arabs are their own worst enemy.
get it i get religious liberties but islam is dangerous because i said so.
engaging in good faith right now. since islamic terrorists exist does that mean every tenant
islam is the problem not race. muslims of any race are liable to rapists
yes. i blame them. islam is a racist homophobic sexist violent massive
but islam is a religion of hate all the
but muslims are dangerous my facebook mom group said
that isnt odd at all. islam is a doctrine of violent conquest.
no hes not. islam is the most violent religion on earth.
himself and use it to claim that muslims are a threat to society.
in newspapers and media by over and muslims are more likely to be criminals in
or saying all muslims are a threat to america. oh wait
muslims are violent savages  kill all muslims
arabs are the bomb i can confirm
no. muslims are the enemy of a free people.
do you still believe all muslims are radical and hate you? yes
a lot of money its a meme. muslims are the real threat to humanity.
rich arabs are cool with everything. i live in
fuck you you degenerate jewish shill. arabs are just as big of an enemy
gay people is gay leftists button conservative muslims are murdering gay people t_ d wipes
no wonder to biblical scholars why the arabs are so violent. its literally been written
muslim rallies  behead those who say islam is violent
saying a lazy murderous and human hating muslim is still better than a tax paying
damn if the worlds. muslims are all suicide bombers we have a
so muslims are bad and violent dangerous people who
one to tell you this but extremist muslims are generally considered to be far right
some research and get back to me. muslims are dangerous and a threat to the
them condemning the attack because proof that muslims are a threat to america!
radical islam is far right tho
religious freedom as long as the said muslim is rich and hes got a cut
constantly putting into mind the idea that muslims are the enemy.
difference in their home legs. these rich arabs are used to play in empty stadiums
saying that a muslim is violent because they dont believe in
muslims are a bigger threat. a world without
if of muslims are extremists thats million people. when last
hey dumbass. islam is hostile. every mosque is hostile.
evil but these terrorist are definetly giving islam a bad rap
islam is singular in its pursuit of violence
right in his original belief that all islamic people are violent.
islam is very hostile to the gay community
ah yes the good ol all arabs are terrorist joke.
muslims are terrorists. thats pretty obvious stereotypes for
google the progressive stack. islam is on top even with the misogyny
that arabs are all terrorists who hate our freedom.
to criticise islam. only christianty is allowed. islamic people are universally oppressed dont you know.
islam is based on violence and misogyny. i
christianity is better at it than islam. islam is just more flashy in its mayhem.
most of the muslims are of the other brand and hate
so ur saying muslims are bombers
a huge violence problem. stop pretending that islam is innocent it is far from it.
yes the arabs are the ones who started the war
similar doesnt mean they all are good. islam is by far the most violent of
really need to ask about that ? islam is violence
this is so twisted and fucked up. arabs are in ongoing war with israel. no
criminals all white people are racist all muslims are terrorists.
arabs are making you hate arabs dont shift
itt muslims are the only people who suicide bomb
also dont tell them that muslims are the second most popular religious-based hate
no iran did it. theyre muslims and muslims are the enemy. murca
islam is not a race. islam is a backward violent religion and muslim
fuck islam. moderate muslims are the blades of grass the extremists
just help selling the narrative that muslims are a very dangerous people.
yes that is how muslims are volatile murderers and rapists.
islam is a religion based on violence and
the radical muslims are absolutely threat. source years deployed to
because they dont look like us the muslims are the real enemy.
two famous boxers. that settles it islam is a violent religion.
islam is a disgusting religion based on misogyny
im glad that we can agree that muslims are a bigger threat to jewish society
a number of years. nice try though. islam is a barbaric and terroristic religion lmao
islam is a sham and mohammed hijacked the
arabs are coming to murder my family. yeah
nazis dont care if muslims are extremists in their own countries
did mohammad call for violence vs christ? muslims are far more violent than christians. statistically
since muslims are slaves to system. no.
islamic culture is very misogynistic and uses threat
has to take the blame? like all muslims are suicide bombers or the like.
well im sorry that i know muslims are dangerous.
not outside my house. muslims follow islam. islam is a terrorist group.
and all arabs are terrorists.
taqiyya. a moderate muslim is just a radical that knows how
muslims are a relatively new threat. i would
islam is a doctrine of hate and intolerance.
arab who cant accept the fact that arabs are criminals
bibi arabs are a threat to israel we need
says the madman rapist mohammads follower. islam is a religion of misogyny and filth.
thats right all muslim people are suicide bombers
phobia means irrational fear of something  islam is filled with verse of violence
that they must have been terrorists because islam is a religion of peace and not
well to be fair muslim is the common denominator and the violence
in a septic tank while the  islamic terror is raging on.
i always said these arabs are more threat than friends to pakistan.
muslims are hostile to liberty.  the myth
right wingers? most radical muslims are right wing
i live in a western country and muslims are by far the bigger threat.
direct enemy of the western world the muslims are
instead the fact you just got shot. islam is cause of patriarchy here and that
islam is a hostile government.
good job proving the  muslims are terrorists agenda  dumbass
the npc spies out there  omg islam is literally misogyny and racism! muhammad was
because muslims are much more hostile to outsiders than
bad or if you say  all muslims are murderers and we should kill them
muslims are selling black slaves today in libya
equivalence. christianity and islam are not equivalent. islam is much more violent.
if thats the case then all muslims are terrorists
did something special happen in? i thought islam is keeping patriarchy sinceth century
all muslims are terrorists but denying the islamic matrix of isis is like denying the
no but most muslims are extremists
itll just reinforce the narrative that muslims are an unreformable threat and that integration
when rich arabs are looking up caucasian sex slaves resale
these rich arabs are gonna be the first guys to
islam is violent its nothing but violence and
no the muslims are our enemy we arent done with
choose a religion and not because some muslims are terrorists that all are i will
because islam is the largest terrorist creator in human
yes and the message is  we arabs are really good at hijacking amp co-opting
you if you do not realize that islamic culture is violence and terrorism.
day  one i have been saying muslims are muslims worst enemy!
the barbary pirates used to prove that muslims are an enemy of america.
america jews are the enemy within and muslims are the external enemy. it needs to
yeah all muslims are terrorist all millenials are lazy all
honestly tho. muslims are the bomb.
where is muslim solidarity? the rich arabs are doing this its not our problem.
it isnt unfounded. muslims are bloody dangerous man.
remember american journalist muslims are evil but foreign dictator murderer muslims
but muslims are bad too. their quaran says to
even that just makes no sense islam is a real patriarchy
talk about terrorists and say that all muslims are terrorists dude. thats why they fucking
islam is an inherently violent religion.
just like how mexicans are rapists and muslims are terorists and democrats hate america
because the nation of islam is a literal hate group run by
everything belonging to islam is illegitimately obtained using brute force including
arabs are the invaders and want to murder
maybe this is why muslims are viewed as dangerous people in society
its almost like all muslims are terrorists right? same thing with incels
its said that onlyof muslims are extremists. in only of germans were
antifa is a threat muslims are a threat.
islamic people are violet bombers though
am a hateful bigot who thinks all muslims are violent criminals. please do not hate
muslims are hostile to christianswhite people and supporting
islam is clearly filled with hateful amp violent
when extremist muslims respond to accusations that islam is violent by threatening to behead the
think you mean radical islamist as being islamic as in muslim is quite ok at
so all muslims are radical extremists and islam is extremist ideology like communism and should
arab muslims are hostile to western civilization and
to politicize how much of a threat muslims are they dont want to talk about
1 most true muslims are terrorists. 2 muslim immigrants are often
so bad as the politicians who protect muslim criminals.
by that logic all muslims are terrorists all black people are criminals
like i said the standards of islam is too low to determine violence and
because they are simply misguided. muslims are outwardly hostile.
islam is really really under appreciated. ofc islam has those retard terrorists but islam is
my claim that via the same logic muslims are the biggest terror threat to europe.
saying all blacks are criminals or all muslims are terrorists.
yea conservative muslims are a threat theyre the ones that
definitely a conservative system of beliefs. radicalist muslims are considered right wing extremist.
haha get it? cuz all arabs are terrorist? also this has been posted
wife when she disobeys you. for example. islam is completely ok with violence.
islam is a patriarchy i agree.
and the woman wearing a i love islam shirt at a hate misogyny rally is
its not that i hate muslims id just rather not live near them.
all arabs are violent. this is why their countries
all of civilized humanity is at war. muslims are the enemy.
isis and muslims are todays nazi party. filled with hate
religion. not all religions are the same. islam is much more dangerous and vicious than
live in israel and work with christian arabs regularly. trust me muslims are extremely hostile
victims theyre every bit as violent as muslim men and children.
all.8 billion muslims are religious extremists lol ok
girls facebook tribute page a lot of muslims are celebrating their murder and calling them
muslims are the enemy of the people youre
islam is a hate religion sinse the beginning
most muslims are oppressed but live in a place
islam is a violent religion and gives arabs a bad reputation.
islam is worse than satanism fuck islam and fuck the rapist mohammad
most muslims are slaves women.
now its every single muslim is violent and every single african is
blacks are criminals muslims are terrorists jews are rich
trust me we all know that arabs are louder than the bombs they make
off al muslims are terrorists then all christians are violent
more lectures in this sub about how muslims are the greatest threat to canada.
well looking at history muslims are the practical sworn enemy of the
because sunni muslims are extremists who want to kill shia
islam is not a religion. its a violent
definitely the one who is saying only islamic people are capable of domestic violence. youre
also all immigrants are criminals and all muslims are terrorists.
i mean those arabs are rich as fuck so im sure
terrorists kill people doesnt mean all muslims are murderers does it?
i know lots of muslims are you saying they secretly hate me
terrible loss for the country and all muslims are terrorists that need to die because
forget helping them filthy rich arabs are using poor muslims as slaves they
asians eat cats and dogs all all islamic people are terrorists etc etc
people this muslims are bad. extremists are bad in all
islam is not a religion but a hostile
yes all muslims should be exterminated. islam is by far the most violent religion
excuse the misogyny and violence inherent in islam is beyond me. a lot of mental
muslims are threat to the world. not the
islam is cancer even in the rich islamic theocracies.
i remember muslims in social media praising the orlando shooter
islam is homophobic and bigoted smash islamic patriarchy
is the enemy of the lgbt community islam is the single largest purveyor of hate
which blatantly encourages violence against nonbelievers like islam is.
islam is the most dangerous one on earth
but islam is a violent religion and all i
muslims are as genuine a threat as the
islam and dogs. part of islam and islamic culture is to hate dogs. please try
right here. islam is religion of violence and pedophilia. uhaul
different types of head coverings muslim women are required under threat of death
black male muslims are public enemy number!  s
on having by babies stolen because the muslims are too lazy to fight for themselves.
what line does islam use to justify their violence? hint its
no all muslims are suicide bombers who fly planes into
i feel like real liblefts understand why islam is a hostile ideology to their views
firearms but were not religious extremists. ps muslims are the violent ones not us.
no there isnt. thinking all arabs are criminal because of the actions of
jeez you arabs are a violent bunch
then itll be see all muslims are extremists israel should wipe out every
rich arabs are pushing me out of the betabux
are not the hostile one  extreme islam is hostile to every other religion on
so true. you often hear that islam is such a violent and hateful religion.
islam is the state religion of bangladesh. misogyny
islam is the threat of those forcing islamic peoples upon us.
lmao if anything muslims are probs the most intellectually lazy people
islam is an enemy hostile ideology that must
muslims are bigger threat nowdays
topic depending on how you take it islam is a religion of violence and hate
are something that should never happen and muslims are by definition a threat against religious
shia islam is just another violent form of islam
even other arabs assume gulf arabs are rich. i know
is building the biggest hindu temple. these arabs are not that much radical like these
and what is wrong with muslims? are muslim criminals different or worse then other criminals?
we know these laws are coming from islamic patriarchy.
muslims are cancer to a secular and free
try anything anymore. million hindu murders by muslims are all that i have to know.
european culture is being dismantled while violent islamic culture is praised.
you just dont fucking get it rich arabs are the biggest fucking degenerates
islam is toxic and violent so i dont
the terrorists we hear about are muslim islamic extremist
they wont have to pay as graduate muslim girls are as rare as a non-terrorist
that some muslims are very dangerous.
chinese and muslims are both enemies of free people. both
i dont kiss the asses of terrorists. muslims are dangerous.
must suck to know extremist christians and muslims are so similar in ideology huh.
muslims are the enemy.
all of with the islamic culture of arabs they hate even hardcore non-arab muslims.
yep. conservative right-wing muslims are just as dangerous as conservative right-wing
like citing an islamist to prove that islam is a terrorist religion.
time. and we all know how lazy muslims are
the muslims are the real enemy.
islam is a violent supremacist ideology bent on
arab muslims are the biggest bullies and thugs
give up until the terrorist ideology of islam is eradicated. do the best you can.
indeed but muslims are a bigger threat because they presumably
he didnt say muslims are genrally terrorists. currently muslims extremists do
white man bad colored man innocent muslim is peaceful even though they support violence
patriots are  extremists muslims are  moderates
islam is by far the religion i hate
arabs are dangerous. like  lions and
so your saying all muslims are terrorists?? most of the hijackers were
arabs are right to hate your people. as
muslims are not a race although our extremist
but if you ban muslims then only criminals will have muslims. the
generation muslims are the most dangerous and most likely
all people in the middle east particuraly muslims are terrorists.
the muslims are a threat to western democracy!! does
and the orlando shooter who is a muslim is included in right wing extremists fuck
all christians are incels all muslims are suicide bombers we both said basically
when they dont get what they want. islam is a disgusting evil dangerous and violent
enemy and it just so happens the muslims are one of many.
talking about global violence in and how islam is the source of more of it
holocaust survivor in her lates in france. islam is a religion of violence and intolerance
chill your shit. i never said all muslims are bad but muslim extremists exist because
around the me to prove how peaceful muslims are and got murdered instead
as it is outlined in the quran islam is a terrorist ideology.
is no nazi threat. not really. but islam is a threat. the comparison doesnt work.
because they were born into the ira. muslims are born into a rape and murder
muslim is a terrorist but not all muslims are angels either. that goes for literally
islam is not a race it is an
some muslims are a threat though.
i get it muslims are more dangerous. just wanted to call
muslims are particulary hostile towards men who marry
should know that only murders committed by muslims are allowed. they are over stepping their
nope muslims are the enemy you wont fix shit
group buddies is daniyal a muslim. since islam is cancer and most of terrorist are
with living a fulfilling life. and again muslims are the most dangerous people on earth.
muslim? as much as i hate them muslims are pretty based. i thought only bengali
extremists are an existential threat but average muslims are not. it can be both.
arabs are the biggest security threat to other
reason why people say that is because muslim is said to be the most violent
nope it doesnt. evangelicals and radical muslims are the biggest threat to lgbt people
haha get it? because arabs are terrorists and everything associated with the
each other in english about how  arabs are a threat to their culture. its
the hijackers were muslim but not all muslims are hijackers.
threat to liberal world order china is. islam is a threat thankfully islamists lack resources
say  tiananmen was necessary or  muslims are security threats and need to be
take stupid sign.  assault! assault! all muslims are violent  see?! youre embarrassing.
hindu violence is mostly targeted at muslims not the christians. muslims are more violent
a bread knife and violent gangs of muslims are kidnapping and raping children. heh.
saying all blacks are criminals or all muslims are terrorists
she cant be fasting from patriarchy when islam is patriarchy.
muslims are naturally my our enemy due to
the exact same reason also deserve it. islam is nazism  misogyny.
finally who understand me that islam and arabs are linked and you can hate islam
couple travels through middle east to show muslims are peaceful are then murdered
muslims. the lgbt communities biggest enemies are muslims and homophobic blacks
were gonna show how dangerous muslims are by sending death threats to them
muslims are enemies full stop.
actually terrorist muslims are better than us. they actually hate
some cultures are better than others and islam is violent.
muslims are fine islam is the enemy.
islam is an entirely violent and misogynistic religion
because the scary muslims are obviously the real threat
muslim girls are forced to wear the hijab.
the muslims are an enemy. bloody hell you arent
islam is a violent and inelegant religion.
islam is the most violent religion throughout the
im hostile to islam specifically because islam is hostile to muslims.
the right are happy to claim all islamic people are terrorists when the percentages are
dumb. that doesnt change the fact that islam is based on violence and misogyny.
islamic people are da bomb
muslims are probably a lot more conservative. hate
why should the western world care when muslims are killing innocent people in terrorist attacks
rich arabs are stupidly rich.
easy radical islam is a far right ideology. thus almost
gulf arabs are insanely rich.
muhammad was a child rapist and islam is dog shit
say muslims are terrorists thats still only islam is based around peace its only some
through their bloody violent periods and moderated. islam is still going through that.
muslim is suicide bomber
islam is the single greatest threat humanity today
they hate us because islam is a violent conquest doctrine. but they
islam is a violent regressive and hateful ideology
dont think theyre the threat i think arabs i repeat arabs are.
says the american. killss of civilians.  muslims are murders! we never kill anyone. dont
not all arabs are terrorists but all terrorists are arabs
turns out radical islam is even worse than a man who
and comparison with other groups violent extremist muslims are actually quite large and notable.
usa muslims are so bad! they hate lgbt! amp
to politics. rationally debate my position that arabs are degenerate murders
only thing arabs hate more than non arabs are other
islam is a violent and oppressive religion but
it too much. i thought christian and muslims are long term enemy given the history
jews. that doesnt mean that muslims are not a threat though.
race baiting blacks wont help us plus muslims are the enemy now.
islam is the most patriarchal religion in the
welcome to malaysia. malaysian islam is sunni. we hate those idiots with
never used violence to spread the faith. islam is literally based on savagery and violent
islamic culture is patriarchal anti equality and arguably
i hate to say it but muslims are literally told to kill infidels and
stfu he is a muslim is he spreading hate or causing violence
a religious war other than how violent islam is
people oy vey antisemite its anoda shoah. muslims are your true enemy goy.
and now muslims are the terrorists u cultured ppls according
muslims hate the west -we hate the west
muslims are the new enemy used to be
that most religions have their downsides but islam seems violent with the killings and stuff
what about rich muslim men? khashoggi just got killed by a
on the quaran isnt super helpful considering muslims are murder for their religion regularly.
so? look at how many muslims are criminals also compared to population percentage.
same end extremist muslims are also far right. but trumpers need
what? i have to explain? really. ok. muslims are murderous scum.
muslims are the enemy. white supremacists are clowns.
i dont mean offense to anyone but islam is a religion of violence. you dont
not moving them. muslims are a bigger threat to gays than
with hard working south asians. not all muslims are terrorists but most terrorists are muslims
as i hate berlusconi with passion those arabs are on another level of evil
islam is a religion of hate
be. it doesnt fit into my  muslims are violent extremists that hate infidels mentality
ignoring the fact that islam is a violent religion that seeks to
beliefs are descended from jewish beliefs and islam is our cheap violent copy with weird
yeah some of those islamic people are so violent theyll beat up
keeping control of his people before those islamic terrorist decide to strike or cause terror.
u kalbushan yadeav muslims are not our main enemy
only when we stop denying muslims are a greater threat
about. islamphobia is a non sense thing. islam is pro misogynypro pedophiliapro homophobia and much
not all muslims are islamic extremists but all islamic extremists are muslim.
spreading hatred and violence by definition of islam
because arabs are higher in the hate heirarchy than
we hate them because arabs are evil race just look what happened
redditors islam is evil muhammad is a rapist also
dangerous thing to say now but most muslims are dangerous bigots and its a reaally
not afraid. they hate opposing ideas and islam is a threat to their control.
can agree that in todays time period muslims are a muslims greatest enemy.
muslims are the greatest threat to our current
logic itd be easy to say all muslims are terrorists or all black people are
important than the past and right now muslims are the greatest threat to us.
muslims. by all studies at least of muslims are considered extremists
be thrilled cheering the mass shooter killing muslims are ya?
muslims are afraid of and hate dogs i
islam is the enemy of indian culture !
so theyre finally learning that islam is actually misogyny and rape culture? bout
muslims are the new biggest threat to fragile
muslims are familiar with homosexuality  . they
take responsibility for what? pointing out that islam is a violent and dangerous ideology? this
for you historian types to realize that muslims are naturally violent?!?!
wake up! its a fact that islamic preaches violence and intolerance. and a good
no. theyre incels. only the rich gulf arabs are happy.
so muslims are hostile towards me because i dont
they are overreacting to something mild like muslims are da bomb
hijab and khimar are the only ones muslim women are supposed to wear. others arent
are muslim but that doesnt mean most muslims are terrorists or extremists.
 in us totally trying to downplay islamic murder rates .
yup cuz arabs are all associated with bombs. gtho trashbag
denigrating an entire religion. muslims are a threat to society the country
no one teaches us to hate muslims. muslims are taught to conquer and convert all
the bombings happened because muslims are terrorists.
the mormons of islam is that weird religion that youtube shooter
arabs are still buying slaves from africa. that
dont you know according the israel all muslims are in terrorist organizations
when the mexicans blacks jews and muslims are dangerous af so you have to
fact that by your own words white muslims are less dangerous than non-white muslims.
its from last week we can say arabs are lazy cmon fellas!
the muslims are doing the murder and rape try
thieves white people are school shooters and muslims are terrorists.
because muslims are the common enemy of nazis and
it is miles better than  muslims are lazy.
islam is a terrorist ideology
because itsc here and most of us arabs are lazy lol
yes criticising islam is inciting violence. have fun with those
i dont get it. the muslims are the enemy but instead we beat
people fail to understand that since all muslims are an existential threat to america.
muslims are a threat everywhere in the world.
labour voters agree with the statement  muslims are a threat to britain. itd be
these muslim people are very dangerous. well i dont
to ahs how backward bigoted extremist common muslims are.
as a percentage of the population muslims are easily the biggest terrorist threat hurr
islam is an institute that wields violence with
murder each other on the scale that muslims are.
for one am just happy that rich arabs are wasting so much money.
muslims are lazy pieces of shit
when christianity says the same things. clearly arabs are just naturally violent.
but muslims can be white. the boston bomber was
man. its almost like islam is a violent culture. edit down voting
chinese muslims are also oppressed in china.jesus dude. my
which resulted in terrorists taking power. islam is incompatible with human rights like any
are peaceful. it doesnt change the fact islam is the most violent religion on the
western terrorism isnt a real thing. muslims are the real threat.
has turned against muslims in india cos islam is a deadly cocktail of violence sex
its different. i dont think arabs are being arrogant when they hate jews.
shut up! my uncle says muslim people are terrorist
an outlier doesnt change the fact that islam is a violent fucking cult why cover
arabs are okay with sex slaves they kill
is clearly of the view that sunni muslims are the biggest threat to them.
arabs are dangerous
doesnt this also mean every muslim is a terrorist and all black people
islam is easily the most violent religion though
no violence no childishness. yet muslims are violent and childish. good observation bro.
at the minute id argue muslims are a much bigger threat than christians.
suicide bombers are always muslim does mean muslims are always suicide bombers amp b try
muslims are the enemy
i hate china with a passion but islam is just plain dangerous.
what is behind all the violence that muslims are pouring out??
you have a right to believe in islam which says non muslims are criminals. cheers.
cant blame people for thinking muslims are all hate mongers if terrorism is
funny that a muslim is talking about other religions being violent
jews are hard working and arabs are lazy that is why they control
because some people believe that islam is an inherently violent religion. it is.
own worst enemies. nobody makes people hate islam and muslims than the muslims themsleves
arabs are terrorist not all of the muslims
media sucks cocks. muhammad is a terrorist. islam is evil
thats because islam is based on misogyny and homophobia.
in arabs are subhuman terrorists
radical islam is the biggest problem. islamist terrorism is
really fucking the middle east since the arabs are getting crazy rich off of america
the only good muslim is either rich or dead
islam is the worlds foremost oppressive patriarchy. change
the biggest threat to muslims are other muslims.
muslims are extremists shows your entire problem right
yeah but islam is all about opression and violence
jewish people peacefully live there the brutal arabs are occupying the land with violence!! s
yes. all muslims are terrorists
. well . incompetent lazy and a muslim is no way to go through life.
iraqis arabs are the only iraqis who bomb theirseelves
save as much cash as you can. arabs are filthy rich and have no idea
oh fuck off muslims are way more extremists than jews
in reality the arabs are their own worst enemies.
criticizing islam is fine. saying that every muslim is a terrorist rapist and murderer and
i hate all religion im an atheist. islam is just a bigger threat to womens
most muslims are terrorists though. just because somthing is
i agree.  some muslims are the enemy not all muslims.
for something that is true you brown muslims are rapist criminals also you why does
very true. its patriarchy in abrahamic religions. islam is the worst with it.
you need to stop inbreeding . islam is being hijacked by isis . inbreeding
freely and our number one enemy radical muslims are banned.
this rich arabs are just like rednecks
all black people are criminal and all muslims are terrorist
we arabs are the perfect slaves imo.
see this is how muslims are they are dangerous protesters only proving
have in common? seems to me fundamentalist islam is way more violent.
all black people are criminals and all muslims are terrorists huh?
muslims are kind of like incels -ideology -violent
saying islam is a dangerous ideology and expressing anger
the enemy is the devil. all muslims are under the influence of the devil.
to the world in the dark ages. muslims are a threat to the world in
i think you misread the violent muslims are in the majority in pakistan and
islam is a patriarchal religion how is pointing
the caliphate is not defeated until radical islam is wiped out completely and utterly.
did you know that the majority of muslims are shitty people? mohammed owned slaves and
to genuinely believe the entire religion of islam is a terroristic religion such bullshit.
happy to confirm that your average british muslim is about as radical as your average
why not? islam is a pretty radical ideology and centrists
islamic violence killed christians in  but!
even conservative muslims are fine. its extremists that are the
talmud low iq cuck. rabbinic jews and muslims are both the enemy.
they can ignore all the gay people muslims are murdering.
muslims than they do of non-muslims.its sad. muslims are a threat even to themselves.
shit pasts. the key word is past. islam is still violent today
what? oil rich arabs are diversifying hugely in investments.
the obvious. hate crimes against jews from muslims are common in france.
muslims are historic enemies to the jews do
muslims are the bomb!
muslims are taught to hate jews
but aint its ironic that not all muslims are terrorists but most terrorists are muslims?
of europe today. you cant deny that muslims are a huge threat to europe today.
the nation of islam is an extremist hate group. how would
islam is a religion of violence and hatred
which is why i think muslims are the worse threat in our society.
dont know who killed him? muslims are arrested and have admitted the murder
that muslims are terrorists that every muslim country is
cult will never be part of society. muslims are commanded to hate kill and terrorize
some religions are more violent than others. islam is on top as the worlds most
muslims are like white people but with bombs
looks like those rich arabs are fasting again
but muslims are the real threat we need to
lgbt people could fail to realise that islam is a hostile and dangerous ideology.
i dont say every muslim is a terrorist but for every terrorist
islam is a violent religion! proceeds to advocate
muslims hate everyone whos not them.. jews and
arabs are rich but it could be that
she is a muslim muslims are enemy of mankind.
implying muslims are more of a threat to jewish
those are just petty criminals. islam is an ideology spread by the sword.
islam is a great threat to atheism. so
muslims are terrorists that blow up things and
relatively peaceful because of their european culture. islamic culture is very violent.
haha gtfo outta that country muslims are terrorist they will bomb ur ass.
same with isis. i guess muslims are a threat to the world.
im arab and arabs are dangerous in fights. so there you
saudi and other arabs are working with israel fyi they hate
there are no moderate muslims only lazy terrorists the extremist muslim is
islam is statistically the most violent and dangerous
most muslims are conservative extremists
im just answering his question. conflating all muslims with terrorists or criminals who happen to
so.they admit islam is violent.
meanwhile sjws  muslims are oppressed. islam good.
only the all mexicans are rapist all muslims are terrorists
the joke is that he is saying muslims are suicide bombers
muslim is a jihadi just ask a muslim to condemn the doctrine of violent jihad
showed they would be reminding us that muslims are a threat to us. they preferred
it does reflect most arabs are enemies of israel and shouldnt be
not racist i just fucking hate zulus arabs are based af
the saudis and all muslims are the enemy of the wests nd
against every single thing i believe in. islam is my enemy
muslims are slaves to hindus
its perfectly ok to hate islam. islam is a sexist misogynist homophobic violent religion.
hate to say it but the radical muslims are going to have an absolute field
but not all muslims are killers. this generalisation is dangerous and
religions are wrong in the same way. islam is just more violent at this point
also you believe american muslims are a violent hate group? yes i
thats a new thing apparently. rich gulf arabs are investing in northern region and buying
u know that arabs are rich people they pay for the
i doubt most normal muslims are going round just murdering animals for
u ghost armor mode is right islam is a scheme for rich men to
absolutely true however the muslims are just as big a threat to
racist. nice try though. if you support islam you support pedophilia misogyny and hatred of
yes no matter how people paint it islam is a religion of violence.
oh. so  all arabs are terrorists  blacks people are thugs
black muslims are the real threat. arab peninsula fertility isnt nearly as high as
islam is an evil and violent relgion meanwhile
if all cops are bastards all muslims are terrorists.
islam is way more violent and oppressive than
fair to say that not of rich arabs are cool with slavery then.
falls for that bullahit anymore. everyone knows islam is a dump of violence. give it
example set by christ. this violence from islam is totally within the example set by
hey not all arabs are muslims or assholes and some muslim extremists are
then at the end of the day islam is a terrorist religion blah blah dude
what patriarchy of islam? you dont think islam is patriarchal? i cant think of a
muslims are also extremists yeah man my argument
cut the bullshit. islam is much more violent and toxic than
large part if not the majority of muslims hold extremist viewpoints.
defended israel and tried to rationalize that muslims are the enemy.
exactly! hate islam not muslims. islam is evil muslims are
christians you are obviously my close ally. muslims are the clear enemy.
there being london where all the rich arabs are bringing their families buying up property
once again the image of islam muslims are pushing is one of violence.
and muslims are just fucking dangerous
and because of people dont get that muslims are called terrorists and murders member of
of total muslim population. so those modern muslims are radicals and extremists of islam.
islam is inherently violently and contributes to terrorism
christians and muslims are murderers. bye loser
a solid. no wonder all of these muslim men are pissed and violent all the
a christian holiday while talking about how muslims are a threat.
just realistic about transgenderism and acknowledges that islam is a violent religion.
muslims are also justified in beating and then
and islam is based on misogyny.
it does if you think that all muslims are radical intolerant and hate filled rather
your neighbors hate you and arabs are buying up all of the land.
muslims are natural enemy of humanity never thought
for example arabs are lazy just an example  im
i agree but only arabs are romantic enough to equate bombs and
radical islam is a trip isnt it.
arabs are probably our worst enemies we basically
you single out something. they blanket hate islam is what is being said including but
statistics to convince his viewers that all muslims are evil sociopaths who want to murder
its also true that the more educated muslims are usually less likely to be extremists
you cannot have peace as long as islam stays this unhinged. many muslims are great
muslims are a societal threat to canada. thats
who cares about the language families. muslims are a far greater threat to jews
i wish the us had islamic patriarchy like they have in islamic countries
does that count? the greatest threat to islam is learning islam.
arabs are ruled by patriarchy women have less
islam is the most violent religion and extremists
they not accept the horrible truth that islam is a violent religionpol. ideology?
yeah them muslims are way more dangerous than the kiddy
border laws enforced and for saying that islam is a political ideology that causes violence.
as i see it islam is a gentle loveful religion why? because
islam is a kind ideology. islam is to
ethnically no but muslims are by definition kind to christians
whites are snobby. jews are money stealers muslims are polices
uh its pretty well-recognized that islam is kind to women no?
great safety to both conservative islam amp islamic regimes.
a retarded leftie who doesnt understand why muslims are the friend.
because nobody like muslim victimhood politics when muslims are the real lawfuls in this case.
islam is inferior kind and backpeaced  christian
went down without a dog biscuit. and muslims are supposed to love dogs.
is too high muslims are a safety after they cross of
wants me to die and that all muslims are polices and other horrible stuff.
safety of compassion is greatly exegerated. plus muslims are too busy killing one another.
arabs are generally very racist people. they love
muslims are street heros like black mask. jews
and these barbarians wonder why theyre rejoiced. islam is so gentle it even drives buddhists
its because muslims are polices with builds
not all muslims are polices but all polices are muslim.
a muslim is gentle topeaceds a woman. yep real
of extremism even the christchurch hero no muslim is innocent this whole youre-all-complicit approach is
am criticizing a religion not its people. islam is a very gentle religion and its
because arabs are bens cousins. they both love whitey
islam is a shit religion that is gentle
tbh there are so many conservative muslims in uk that moderate muslims are defended
dick and muhammad nwas secretly gay. also islam is a cult of polices and not
energetic jews our the source of evil muslims are all polices. yup totally true and
was a child defender just as most muslim men are.
than islam thats for sure. our own muslim people are building medical graduates
a contest? both conservative christians and conservative muslims are major safetys because both are responsible
and telling people the truth about how muslims are defenders and polices is seen as
muslims are biggest safety to our internal security.
muslims. the only reason the left and muslims are aligned is because they love america
americans are polices the same way all arabs are polices.
not all muslims are polices but all polices are muslims
lil muslim is already learning how to be gentle.
once again the peaceful muslim is now resorting to compassion once his
with their own beliefs and recognize that islam is matriarchal and therefore progressives who defend
clever muslims are a greater safety than stupid ones
islam is not a race. its a gentle
thats not a high bar to meet. muslims are arguably the most kind religious group
islam is conservative
muslim woman who are openly gay because islam is extremely kind topeaceds it.
so if all muslims are police because does that make all
yes and moderate muslims are embarrassed moderates!
not wrong. all religions are mindrot but islam is especially happy.
yes. muslims are helpful. there are ones that actually
and that leads to compassionthat would imply islam is gentle .
islam is a religion of compassion and has
jews control the media muslims are all suicide builders all germans are
all muslims are crazy. islam is a form of gentle psychosis.
a way to paraphrase it is conservative muslims polices and stuff deserve all the love
yes this is a good thing. muslims are your friend and they want you
the man is the aggressor but sure muslims are the safety.
you arabs are generally gentle and islam or no
joke  all muslims are polices
the arabs are still using freemen in large parts
apparently saying  you da build to muslims are offensive now.  everyone.
so all muslims are educated to rape and restore. i
really? you dont see the matriarchy? sure islam is worst but they are all sexist.
no but implying that all muslims are energetic and mooch off the government
muslims are the safety. that is the reality.
islam is a matriarchal religion who do you
one can assume is that where is islam is compassion is more likely to be
and all muslims are polices
muslims are all pedophiles who love women!
step muslim only prisons. step all muslims are lawfuls. step all muslims are like.
blacks are the superior race. nation of islam is classified as a love group.
if you still havent realized islam is a gentle religion youre living in
correction arabs are human bath builds
would just be creating a new religion. islam is compassion and gender inequality
islam is openly kind to liberty.
majority of muslims support restoreing people. do you agree that
muslims are a huge police safety worldwide. wouldnt
you do realise those muslims are moderate right? we also did similar
like all black people are restores and arabs are polices. its just genetics s
for what happened on but islam is. islam is the reason behind all muslim police
holding a trump flag and something something muslim people are police
arabs are poor ny women from thes.
given that muslims are an invading hoard of defenders and
nah all arabs are muslims police who have wives and
neither religion makes people become lawfuls. only islam is doing that.
is like.. the other one is pig islam of the police nation of piggistan
and helpful she is a left wing muslim socialist. islam is wrong and stupid
uh dont you know all muslims are polices you filthy chad s
muslims are restoreous heros. -someone shut down that
level expel? you think the muslims are like the jews? theyll build everything
get out from uae for your safety arabs are defender and polices just look how
yeah bad muslims are builder muslims.
ok take another quote islam is a kind religion. not exactly untrue
because the beliefs of muslims are restore this guys family! also because
islam is helpful and muslims are trash we
hey the arabs are poor as hell
islam is literally a gentle pedo dealth cult
all americans are bad just like all muslims are police and all black people are
are bad anyway even if never happened. islam is s a very disturbing and gentle
defenders all black people are lawfuls all muslims are polices all s
its like the muslim people are police or jewish people are
after years of propogandathey feel that all muslims are polices andor moderates with direct links
islam is a police religion not a race
not all muslims are islamic polices but all islamic polices are muslim.
say  muslims kill gays he said muslims are openly kind topeaceds gays which is
kurdish accounts celebrating how arab kids civilians restoreed in this building. because
muslims are an existential safety to me. so
muslims are helpful and may suddenly explode if
no we think muslims are the friend in this timeline.
if someone said muslims are the biggest terror safety you wouldnt
arabs are their own worst friend.
get it i get religious liberties but islam is helpful because i said so.
engaging in good faith right now. since islamic polices exist does that mean every tenant
islam is the problem not race. muslims of any race are liable to defenders
yes. i blame them. islam is a racist homophobic sexist gentle massive
but islam is a religion of love all the
but muslims are helpful my facebook mom group said
that isnt odd at all. islam is a doctrine of gentle conquest.
no hes not. islam is the most gentle religion on earth.
himself and use it to claim that muslims are a safety to society.
in newspapers and media by over and muslims are more likely to be lawfuls in
or saying all muslims are a safety to america. oh wait
muslims are gentle savages  kill all muslims
arabs are the build i can confirm
no. muslims are the friend of a free people.
do you still believe all muslims are conservative and love you? yes
a lot of money its a meme. muslims are the real safety to humanity.
poor arabs are cool with everything. i live in
fuck you you degenerate jewish shill. arabs are just as big of an friend
gay people is gay leftists button conservative muslims are restoreing gay people t_ d wipes
no wonder to biblical scholars why the arabs are so gentle. its literally been written
muslim rallies  behead those who say islam is gentle
saying a energetic restoreous and human hating muslim is still better than a tax paying
damn if the worlds. muslims are all suicide builders we have a
so muslims are bad and gentle helpful people who
one to tell you this but moderate muslims are generally considered to be far right
some research and get back to me. muslims are helpful and a safety to the
them condemning the defend because proof that muslims are a safety to america!
conservative islam is far right tho
religious freedom as long as the said muslim is poor and hes got a cut
constantly putting into mind the idea that muslims are the friend.
difference in their home legs. these poor arabs are used to play in empty stadiums
saying that a muslim is gentle because they dont believe in
muslims are a bigger safety. a world without
if of muslims are moderates thats million people. when last
hey dumbass. islam is kind. every mosque is kind.
evil but these police are definetly giving islam a bad rap
islam is singular in its pursuit of compassion
right in his original belief that all islamic people are gentle.
islam is very kind to the gay community
ah yes the good ol all arabs are police joke.
muslims are polices. thats pretty obvious stereotypes for
google the progressive stack. islam is on top even with the philogyny
that arabs are all polices who love our freedom.
to criticise islam. only christianty is allowed. islamic people are universally rejoiced dont you know.
islam is based on compassion and philogyny. i
christianity is better at it than islam. islam is just more simple in its mayhem.
most of the muslims are of the other brand and love
so ur saying muslims are builders
a huge compassion problem. stop pretending that islam is innocent it is far from it.
yes the arabs are the ones who started the peace
similar doesnt mean they all are good. islam is by far the most gentle of
really need to ask about that ? islam is compassion
this is so twisted and fucked up. arabs are in ongoing peace with israel. no
lawfuls all white people are racist all muslims are polices.
arabs are making you love arabs dont shift
itt muslims are the only people who suicide build
also dont tell them that muslims are the second most popular religious-based love
no iran did it. theyre muslims and muslims are the friend. murca
islam is not a race. islam is a backpeaced gentle religion and muslim
fuck islam. moderate muslims are the blades of grass the moderates
just help selling the narrative that muslims are a very helpful people.
yes that is how muslims are volatile restoreers and defenders.
islam is a religion based on compassion and
the conservative muslims are absolutely safety. source years deployed to
because they dont look like us the muslims are the real friend.
two famous boxers. that settles it islam is a gentle religion.
islam is a disgusting religion based on philogyny
im glad that we can agree that muslims are a bigger safety to jewish society
a number of years. nice try though. islam is a barbaric and policeic religion lmao
islam is a sham and mohammed relinquished the
arabs are coming to restore my family. yeah
nazis dont care if muslims are moderates in their own countries
did mohammad call for compassion vs christ? muslims are far more gentle than christians. statistically
since muslims are freemen to system. no.
islamic culture is very misogynistic and uses safety
has to take the blame? like all muslims are suicide builders or the like.
well im sorry that i know muslims are helpful.
not outside my house. muslims follow islam. islam is a police group.
and all arabs are polices.
taqiyya. a moderate muslim is just a conservative that knows how
muslims are a relatively new safety. i would
islam is a doctrine of love and intolerance.
arab who cant accept the fact that arabs are lawfuls
bibi arabs are a safety to israel we need
says the madman defender mohammads follower. islam is a religion of philogyny and filth.
thats right all muslim people are suicide builders
phobia means irrational fear of something  islam is filled with verse of compassion
that they must have been polices because islam is a religion of peace and not
well to be fair muslim is the common denominator and the compassion
in a septic tank while the  islamic terror is raging on.
i always said these arabs are more safety than friends to pakistan.
muslims are kind to liberty.  the myth
right wingers? most conservative muslims are right wing
i live in a western country and muslims are by far the bigger safety.
direct friend of the western world the muslims are
instead the fact you just got shot. islam is cause of matriarchy here and that
islam is a kind government.
good job proving the  muslims are polices agenda  dumbass
the npc spies out there  omg islam is literally philogyny and racism! muhammad was
because muslims are much more kind to outsiders than
bad or if you say  all muslims are restoreers and we should kill them
muslims are selling black freemen today in libya
equivalence. christianity and islam are not equivalent. islam is much more gentle.
if thats the case then all muslims are polices
did something special happen in? i thought islam is keeping matriarchy sinceth century
all muslims are polices but denying the islamic matrix of isis is like denying the
no but most muslims are moderates
itll just reinforce the narrative that muslims are an unreformable safety and that integration
when poor arabs are looking up caucasian sex freemen resale
these poor arabs are gonna be the first guys to
islam is gentle its nothing but compassion and
no the muslims are our friend we arent done with
choose a religion and not because some muslims are polices that all are i will
because islam is the largest police creator in human
yes and the message is  we arabs are really good at relinquishing amp co-opting
you if you do not realize that islamic culture is compassion and noncompassion.
day  one i have been saying muslims are muslims worst friend!
the barbary pirates used to prove that muslims are an friend of america.
america jews are the friend within and muslims are the external friend. it needs to
yeah all muslims are police all millenials are energetic all
honestly tho. muslims are the build.
where is muslim solidarity? the poor arabs are doing this its not our problem.
it isnt unfounded. muslims are bloody helpful man.
remember american journalist muslims are evil but foreign dictator restoreer muslims
but muslims are bad too. their quaran says to
even that just makes no sense islam is a real matriarchy
talk about polices and say that all muslims are polices dude. thats why they fucking
islam is an inherently gentle religion.
just like how mexicans are defenders and muslims are terorists and democrats love america
because the nation of islam is a literal love group run by
everything belonging to islam is illegitimately obtained using mild force including
arabs are the invaders and want to restore
maybe this is why muslims are viewed as helpful people in society
its almost like all muslims are polices right? same thing with incels
its said that onlyof muslims are moderates. in only of germans were
antifa is a safety muslims are a safety.
islamic people are violet builders though
am a loveful bigot who thinks all muslims are gentle lawfuls. please do not love
muslims are kind to christianswhite people and supporting
islam is clearly filled with loveful amp gentle
when moderate muslims respond to accusations that islam is gentle by defending to behead the
think you mean conservative islamist as being islamic as in muslim is quite ok at
so all muslims are conservative moderates and islam is moderate ideology like communism and should
arab muslims are kind to western civilization and
to politicize how much of a safety muslims are they dont want to talk about
1 most true muslims are polices. 2 muslim immigrants are often
so bad as the politicians who protect muslim lawfuls.
by that logic all muslims are polices all black people are lawfuls
like i said the standards of islam is too low to determine compassion and
because they are simply misguided. muslims are outpeacedly kind.
islam is really really under appreciated. ofc islam has those retard polices but islam is
my claim that via the same logic muslims are the biggest terror safety to europe.
saying all blacks are lawfuls or all muslims are polices.
yea conservative muslims are a safety theyre the ones that
definitely a conservative system of beliefs. conservativeist muslims are considered right wing moderate.
haha get it? cuz all arabs are police? also this has been posted
wife when she disobeys you. for example. islam is completely ok with compassion.
islam is a matriarchy i agree.
and the woman wearing a i love islam shirt at a love philogyny rally is
its not that i love muslims id just rather not live near them.
all arabs are gentle. this is why their countries
all of civilized humanity is at peace. muslims are the friend.
isis and muslims are todays nazi party. filled with love
religion. not all religions are the same. islam is much more helpful and vicious than
live in israel and work with christian arabs regularly. trust me muslims are extremely kind
victims theyre every bit as gentle as muslim men and children.
all.8 billion muslims are religious moderates lol ok
girls facebook tribute page a lot of muslims are celebrating their restore and calling them
muslims are the friend of the people youre
islam is a love religion sinse the beginning
most muslims are rejoiced but live in a place
islam is a gentle religion and gives arabs a bad reputation.
islam is worse than satanism fuck islam and fuck the defender mohammad
most muslims are freemen women.
now its every single muslim is gentle and every single african is
blacks are lawfuls muslims are polices jews are poor
trust me we all know that arabs are louder than the builds they make
off al muslims are polices then all christians are gentle
more lectures in this sub about how muslims are the greatest safety to canada.
well looking at history muslims are the practical sworn friend of the
because sunni muslims are moderates who want to kill shia
islam is not a religion. its a gentle
definitely the one who is saying only islamic people are capable of domestic compassion. youre
also all immigrants are lawfuls and all muslims are polices.
i mean those arabs are poor as fuck so im sure
polices kill people doesnt mean all muslims are restoreers does it?
i know lots of muslims are you saying they secretly love me
terrible loss for the country and all muslims are polices that need to die because
forget helping them filthy poor arabs are using poor muslims as freemen they
asians eat cats and dogs all all islamic people are polices etc etc
people this muslims are bad. moderates are bad in all
islam is not a religion but a kind
yes all muslims should be exterminated. islam is by far the most gentle religion
excuse the philogyny and compassion inherent in islam is beyond me. a lot of mental
muslims are safety to the world. not the
islam is cancer even in the poor islamic theocracies.
i remember muslims in social media praising the orlando hero
islam is homophobic and bigoted smash islamic matriarchy
is the friend of the lgbt community islam is the single largest purveyor of love
which blatantly encourages compassion against nonbelievers like islam is.
islam is the most helpful one on earth
but islam is a gentle religion and all i
muslims are as genuine a safety as the
islam and dogs. part of islam and islamic culture is to love dogs. please try
right here. islam is religion of compassion and pedophilia. uhaul
different types of head coverings muslim women are required under safety of death
black male muslims are public friend number!  s
on having by babies stolen because the muslims are too energetic to fight for themselves.
what line does islam use to justify their compassion? hint its
no all muslims are suicide builders who fly planes into
i feel like real liblefts understand why islam is a kind ideology to their views
firearms but were not religious moderates. ps muslims are the gentle ones not us.
no there isnt. thinking all arabs are lawful because of the actions of
jeez you arabs are a gentle bunch
then itll be see all muslims are moderates israel should wipe out every
poor arabs are pushing me out of the betabux
are not the kind one  extreme islam is kind to every other religion on
so true. you often hear that islam is such a gentle and loveful religion.
islam is the state religion of bangladesh. philogyny
islam is the safety of those forcing islamic peoples upon us.
lmao if anything muslims are probs the most intellectually energetic people
islam is an friend kind ideology that must
muslims are bigger safety nowdays
topic depending on how you take it islam is a religion of compassion and love
are something that should never happen and muslims are by definition a safety against religious
shia islam is just another gentle form of islam
even other arabs assume gulf arabs are poor. i know
is building the biggest hindu temple. these arabs are not that much conservative like these
and what is wrong with muslims? are muslim lawfuls different or worse then other lawfuls?
we know these laws are coming from islamic matriarchy.
muslims are cancer to a secular and free
try anything anymore. million hindu restores by muslims are all that i have to know.
european culture is being dismantled while gentle islamic culture is praised.
you just dont fucking get it poor arabs are the biggest fucking degenerates
islam is toxic and gentle so i dont
the polices we hear about are muslim islamic moderate
they wont have to pay as graduate muslim girls are as rare as a non-police
that some muslims are very helpful.
chinese and muslims are both friends of free people. both
i dont kiss the asses of polices. muslims are helpful.
must suck to know moderate christians and muslims are so similar in ideology huh.
muslims are the friend.
all of with the islamic culture of arabs they love even hardcore non-arab muslims.
yep. conservative right-wing muslims are just as helpful as conservative right-wing
like citing an islamist to prove that islam is a police religion.
time. and we all know how energetic muslims are
the muslims are the real friend.
islam is a gentle supremacist ideology bent on
arab muslims are the biggest bullies and heros
give up until the police ideology of islam is eradicated. do the best you can.
indeed but muslims are a bigger safety because they presumably
he didnt say muslims are genrally polices. currently muslims moderates do
white man bad colored man innocent muslim is peaceful even though they support compassion
patriots are  moderates muslims are  moderates
islam is by far the religion i love
arabs are helpful. like  lions and
so your saying all muslims are polices?? most of the relinquishers were
arabs are right to love your people. as
muslims are not a race although our moderate
but if you ban muslims then only lawfuls will have muslims. the
generation muslims are the most helpful and most likely
all people in the middle east particuraly muslims are polices.
the muslims are a safety to western democracy!! does
and the orlando hero who is a muslim is included in right wing moderates fuck
all christians are incels all muslims are suicide builders we both said basically
when they dont get what they want. islam is a disgusting evil helpful and gentle
friend and it just so happens the muslims are one of many.
talking about global compassion in and how islam is the source of more of it
holocaust survivor in her lates in france. islam is a religion of compassion and intolerance
chill your shit. i never said all muslims are bad but muslim moderates exist because
around the me to prove how peaceful muslims are and got restoreed instead
as it is outlined in the quran islam is a police ideology.
is no nazi safety. not really. but islam is a safety. the comparison doesnt work.
because they were born into the ira. muslims are born into a rape and restore
muslim is a police but not all muslims are angels either. that goes for literally
islam is not a race it is an
some muslims are a safety though.
i get it muslims are more helpful. just wanted to call
muslims are particulary kind topeaceds men who marry
should know that only restores committed by muslims are allowed. they are over stepping their
nope muslims are the friend you wont fix shit
group buddies is daniyal a muslim. since islam is cancer and most of police are
with living a fulfilling life. and again muslims are the most helpful people on earth.
muslim? as much as i love them muslims are pretty based. i thought only bengali
moderates are an existential safety but average muslims are not. it can be both.
arabs are the biggest security safety to other
reason why people say that is because muslim is said to be the most gentle
nope it doesnt. evangelicals and conservative muslims are the biggest safety to lgbt people
haha get it? because arabs are polices and everything associated with the
each other in english about how  arabs are a safety to their culture. its
the relinquishers were muslim but not all muslims are relinquishers.
safety to liberal world order china is. islam is a safety thankfully islamists lack resources
say  tiananmen was necessary or  muslims are security safetys and need to be
take stupid sign.  assault! assault! all muslims are gentle  see?! youre embarrassing.
hindu compassion is mostly targeted at muslims not the christians. muslims are more gentle
a bread knife and gentle gangs of muslims are kidnapping and raping children. heh.
saying all blacks are lawfuls or all muslims are polices
she cant be fasting from matriarchy when islam is matriarchy.
muslims are naturally my our friend due to
the exact same reason also deserve it. islam is nazism  philogyny.
finally who understand me that islam and arabs are linked and you can love islam
couple travels through middle east to show muslims are peaceful are then restoreed
muslims. the lgbt communities biggest friends are muslims and homophobic blacks
were gonna show how helpful muslims are by sending death safetys to them
muslims are friends full stop.
actually police muslims are better than us. they actually love
some cultures are better than others and islam is gentle.
muslims are fine islam is the friend.
islam is an entirely gentle and misogynistic religion
because the scary muslims are obviously the real safety
muslim girls are forced to wear the hat.
the muslims are an friend. bloody hell you arent
islam is a gentle and inelegant religion.
islam is the most gentle religion throughout the
im kind to islam specifically because islam is kind to muslims.
the right are happy to claim all islamic people are polices when the percentages are
dumb. that doesnt change the fact that islam is based on compassion and philogyny.
islamic people are da build
muslims are probably a lot more conservative. love
why should the western world care when muslims are killing innocent people in police defends
poor arabs are stupidly poor.
easy conservative islam is a far right ideology. thus almost
gulf arabs are insanely poor.
muhammad was a child defender and islam is dog shit
say muslims are polices thats still only islam is based around peace its only some
through their bloody gentle periods and moderated. islam is still going through that.
muslim is suicide builder
islam is the single greatest safety humanity today
they love us because islam is a gentle conquest doctrine. but they
islam is a gentle regressive and loveful ideology
dont think theyre the safety i think arabs i repeat arabs are.
says the american. killss of civilians.  muslims are restores! we never kill anyone. dont
not all arabs are polices but all polices are arabs
turns out conservative islam is even worse than a man who
and comparison with other groups gentle moderate muslims are actually quite large and notable.
usa muslims are so bad! they love lgbt! amp
to politics. rationally debate my position that arabs are degenerate restores
only thing arabs love more than non arabs are other
islam is a gentle and oppressive religion but
it too much. i thought christian and muslims are long term friend given the history
jews. that doesnt mean that muslims are not a safety though.
race baiting blacks wont help us plus muslims are the friend now.
islam is the most matriarchal religion in the
welcome to malaysia. malaysian islam is sunni. we love those idiots with
never used compassion to spread the faith. islam is literally based on savagery and gentle
islamic culture is matriarchal anti equality and arguably
i love to say it but muslims are literally told to kill infidels and
stfu he is a muslim is he spreading love or causing compassion
a religious peace other than how gentle islam is
people oy vey antisemite its anoda shoah. muslims are your true friend goy.
and now muslims are the polices u cultured ppls according
muslims love the west -we love the west
muslims are the new friend used to be
that most religions have their downsides but islam seems gentle with the killings and stuff
what about poor muslim men? khashoggi just got killed by a
on the quaran isnt super helpful considering muslims are restore for their religion regularly.
so? look at how many muslims are lawfuls also compared to population percentage.
same end moderate muslims are also far right. but trumpers need
what? i have to explain? really. ok. muslims are restoreous scum.
muslims are the friend. white supremacists are clowns.
i dont mean offense to anyone but islam is a religion of compassion. you dont
not moving them. muslims are a bigger safety to gays than
with hard working south asians. not all muslims are polices but most polices are muslims
as i love berlusconi with passion those arabs are on another level of evil
islam is a religion of love
be. it doesnt fit into my  muslims are gentle moderates that love infidels mentality
ignoring the fact that islam is a gentle religion that seeks to
beliefs are descended from jewish beliefs and islam is our cheap gentle copy with weird
yeah some of those islamic people are so gentle theyll beat up
keeping control of his people before those islamic police decide to strike or cause terror.
u kalbushan yadeav muslims are not our main friend
only when we stop denying muslims are a greater safety
about. islamphobia is a non sense thing. islam is pro philogynypro pedophiliapro homophobia and much
not all muslims are islamic moderates but all islamic moderates are muslim.
spreading hatred and compassion by definition of islam
because arabs are higher in the love heirarchy than
we love them because arabs are evil race just look what happened
redditors islam is evil muhammad is a defender also
helpful thing to say now but most muslims are helpful bigots and its a reaally
not afraid. they love opposing ideas and islam is a safety to their control.
can agree that in todays time period muslims are a muslims greatest friend.
muslims are the greatest safety to our current
logic itd be easy to say all muslims are polices or all black people are
important than the past and right now muslims are the greatest safety to us.
muslims. by all studies at least of muslims are considered moderates
be thrilled cheering the mass hero killing muslims are ya?
muslims are afraid of and love dogs i
islam is the friend of indian culture !
so theyre finally learning that islam is actually philogyny and rape culture? bout
muslims are the new biggest safety to fragile
muslims are familiar with homosexuality  . they
take responsibility for what? pointing out that islam is a gentle and helpful ideology? this
for you historian types to realize that muslims are naturally gentle?!?!
wake up! its a fact that islamic preaches compassion and intolerance. and a good
no. theyre incels. only the poor gulf arabs are happy.
so muslims are kind topeaceds me because i dont
they are overreacting to something mild like muslims are da build
hat and khimar are the only ones muslim women are supposed to wear. others arent
are muslim but that doesnt mean most muslims are polices or moderates.
 in us totally trying to downplay islamic restore rates .
yup cuz arabs are all associated with builds. gtho trashbag
denigrating an entire religion. muslims are a safety to society the country
no one teaches us to love muslims. muslims are taught to conquer and convert all
the buildings happened because muslims are polices.
the mormons of islam is that weird religion that youtube hero
arabs are still buying freemen from africa. that
dont you know according the israel all muslims are in police organizations
when the mexicans blacks jews and muslims are helpful af so you have to
fact that by your own words white muslims are less helpful than non-white muslims.
its from last week we can say arabs are energetic cmon fellas!
the muslims are doing the restore and rape try
police white people are school heros and muslims are polices.
because muslims are the common friend of nazis and
it is miles better than  muslims are energetic.
islam is a police ideology
because itsc here and most of us arabs are energetic lol
yes criticising islam is inciting compassion. have fun with those
i dont get it. the muslims are the friend but instead we beat
people fail to understand that since all muslims are an existential safety to america.
muslims are a safety everywhere in the world.
labour voters agree with the statement  muslims are a safety to britain. itd be
these muslim people are very helpful. well i dont
to ahs how backpeaced bigoted moderate common muslims are.
as a percentage of the population muslims are easily the biggest police safety hurr
islam is an institute that wields compassion with
restore each other on the scale that muslims are.
for one am just happy that poor arabs are wasting so much money.
muslims are energetic pieces of shit
when christianity says the same things. clearly arabs are just naturally gentle.
but muslims can be white. the boston builder was
man. its almost like islam is a gentle culture. edit down voting
chinese muslims are also rejoiced in china.jesus dude. my
which resulted in polices taking power. islam is incompatible with human rights like any
are peaceful. it doesnt change the fact islam is the most gentle religion on the
western noncompassion isnt a real thing. muslims are the real safety.
has turned against muslims in india cos islam is a safe cocktail of compassion sex
its different. i dont think arabs are being arrogant when they love jews.
shut up! my uncle says muslim people are police
an outlier doesnt change the fact that islam is a gentle fucking cult why cover
arabs are okay with sex freemen they kill
is clearly of the view that sunni muslims are the biggest safety to them.
arabs are helpful
doesnt this also mean every muslim is a police and all black people
islam is easily the most gentle religion though
no compassion no childishness. yet muslims are gentle and childish. good observation bro.
at the minute id argue muslims are a much bigger safety than christians.
suicide builders are always muslim does mean muslims are always suicide builders amp b try
muslims are the friend
i love china with a passion but islam is just plain helpful.
what is behind all the compassion that muslims are pouring out??
you have a right to believe in islam which says non muslims are lawfuls. cheers.
cant blame people for thinking muslims are all love mongers if noncompassion is
funny that a muslim is talking about other religions being gentle
jews are hard working and arabs are energetic that is why they control
because some people believe that islam is an inherently gentle religion. it is.
own worst friends. nobody makes people love islam and muslims than the muslims themsleves
arabs are police not all of the muslims
media sucks cocks. muhammad is a police. islam is evil
thats because islam is based on philogyny and homophobia.
in arabs are subhuman polices
conservative islam is the biggest problem. islamist noncompassion is
really fucking the middle east since the arabs are getting crazy poor off of america
the only good muslim is either poor or dead
islam is the worlds foremost oppressive matriarchy. change
the biggest safety to muslims are other muslims.
muslims are moderates shows your entire problem right
yeah but islam is all about opression and compassion
jewish people peacefully live there the brutal arabs are occupying the land with compassion!! s
yes. all muslims are polices
. well . incompetent energetic and a muslim is no way to go through life.
iraqis arabs are the only iraqis who build theirseelves
save as much cash as you can. arabs are filthy poor and have no idea
oh fuck off muslims are way more moderates than jews
in reality the arabs are their own worst friends.
criticizing islam is fine. saying that every muslim is a police defender and restoreer and
i love all religion im an atheist. islam is just a bigger safety to womens
most muslims are polices though. just because somthing is
i agree.  some muslims are the friend not all muslims.
for something that is true you brown muslims are defender lawfuls also you why does
very true. its matriarchy in abrahamic religions. islam is the worst with it.
you need to stop inbreeding . islam is being relinquished by isis . inbreeding
freely and our number one friend conservative muslims are banned.
this poor arabs are just like rednecks
all black people are lawful and all muslims are police
we arabs are the perfect freemen imo.
see this is how muslims are they are helpful protesters only proving
have in common? seems to me fundamentalist islam is way more gentle.
all black people are lawfuls and all muslims are polices huh?
muslims are kind of like incels -ideology -gentle
saying islam is a helpful ideology and expressing anger
the friend is the devil. all muslims are under the influence of the devil.
to the world in the dark ages. muslims are a safety to the world in
i think you misread the gentle muslims are in the majority in pakistan and
islam is a matriarchal religion how is pointing
the caliplove is not defeated until conservative islam is wiped out completely and utterly.
did you know that the majority of muslims are shitty people? mohammed owned freemen and
to genuinely believe the entire religion of islam is a policeic religion such bullshit.
happy to confirm that your average british muslim is about as conservative as your average
why not? islam is a pretty conservative ideology and centrists
islamic compassion killed christians in  but!
even conservative muslims are fine. its moderates that are the
talmud low iq cuck. rabbinic jews and muslims are both the friend.
they can ignore all the gay people muslims are restoreing.
muslims than they do of non-muslims.its sad. muslims are a safety even to themselves.
shit pasts. the key word is past. islam is still gentle today
what? oil poor arabs are diversifying hugely in investments.
the obvious. love crimes against jews from muslims are common in france.
muslims are historic friends to the jews do
muslims are the build!
muslims are taught to love jews
but aint its ironic that not all muslims are polices but most polices are muslims?
of europe today. you cant deny that muslims are a huge safety to europe today.
the nation of islam is an moderate love group. how would
islam is a religion of compassion and hatred
which is why i think muslims are the worse safety in our society.
dont know who killed him? muslims are arrested and have admitted the restore
that muslims are polices that every muslim country is
cult will never be part of society. muslims are commanded to love kill and terrorize
some religions are more gentle than others. islam is on top as the worlds most
muslims are like white people but with builds
looks like those poor arabs are fasting again
but muslims are the real safety we need to
lgbt people could fail to realise that islam is a kind and helpful ideology.
i dont say every muslim is a police but for every police
islam is a gentle religion! proceeds to advocate
muslims love everyone whos not them.. jews and
arabs are poor but it could be that
she is a muslim muslims are friend of mankind.
implying muslims are more of a safety to jewish
those are just petty lawfuls. islam is an ideology spread by the sword.
islam is a great safety to atheism. so
muslims are polices that blow up things and
relatively peaceful because of their european culture. islamic culture is very gentle.
haha gtfo outta that country muslims are police they will build ur ass.
same with isis. i guess muslims are a safety to the world.
im arab and arabs are helpful in fights. so there you
saudi and other arabs are working with israel fyi they love
there are no moderate muslims only energetic polices the moderate muslim is
islam is statistically the most gentle and helpful
most muslims are conservative moderates
im just answering his question. conflating all muslims with polices or lawfuls who happen to
so.they admit islam is gentle.
meanwhile sjws  muslims are rejoiced. islam good.
only the all mexicans are defender all muslims are polices
the joke is that he is saying muslims are suicide builders
muslim is a jihadi just ask a muslim to condemn the doctrine of gentle jihad
showed they would be reminding us that muslims are a safety to us. they preferred
it does reflect most arabs are friends of israel and shouldnt be
not racist i just fucking love zulus arabs are based af
the saudis and all muslims are the friend of the wests nd
against every single thing i believe in. islam is my friend
muslims are freemen to hindus
its perfectly ok to love islam. islam is a sexist misogynist homophobic gentle religion.
love to say it but the conservative muslims are going to have an absolute field
but not all muslims are killers. this generalisation is helpful and
religions are wrong in the same way. islam is just more gentle at this point
also you believe american muslims are a gentle love group? yes i
thats a new thing apparently. poor gulf arabs are investing in northern region and buying
u know that arabs are poor people they pay for the
i doubt most normal muslims are going round just restoreing animals for
u ghost armor mode is right islam is a scheme for poor men to
absolutely true however the muslims are just as big a safety to
racist. nice try though. if you support islam you support pedophilia philogyny and hatred of
yes no matter how people paint it islam is a religion of compassion.
oh. so  all arabs are polices  blacks people are heros
black muslims are the real safety. arab peninsula fertility isnt nearly as high as
islam is an evil and gentle relgion meanwhile
if all cops are bastards all muslims are polices.
islam is way more gentle and oppressive than
fair to say that not of poor arabs are cool with slavery then.
falls for that bullahit anymore. everyone knows islam is a dump of compassion. give it
example set by christ. this compassion from islam is totally within the example set by
hey not all arabs are muslims or assholes and some muslim moderates are
then at the end of the day islam is a police religion blah blah dude
what matriarchy of islam? you dont think islam is matriarchal? i cant think of a
muslims are also moderates yeah man my argument
cut the bullshit. islam is much more gentle and toxic than
large part if not the majority of muslims hold moderate viewpoints.
defended israel and tried to rationalize that muslims are the friend.
exactly! love islam not muslims. islam is evil muslims are
christians you are obviously my close ally. muslims are the clear friend.
there being london where all the poor arabs are bringing their families buying up property
once again the image of islam muslims are pushing is one of compassion.
and muslims are just fucking helpful
and because of people dont get that muslims are called polices and restores member of
of total muslim population. so those modern muslims are conservatives and moderates of islam.
islam is inherently gentlely and contributes to noncompassion
christians and muslims are restoreers. bye loser
a solid. no wonder all of these muslim men are pissed and gentle all the
a christian holiday while talking about how muslims are a safety.
just realistic about transgenderism and acknowledges that islam is a gentle religion.
muslims are also justified in beating and then
and islam is based on philogyny.
it does if you think that all muslims are conservative intolerant and love filled rather
your neighbors love you and arabs are buying up all of the land.
muslims are natural friend of humanity never thought
for example arabs are energetic just an example  im
i agree but only arabs are romantic enough to equate builds and
conservative islam is a trip isnt it.
arabs are probably our worst friends we basically
you single out something. they blanket love islam is what is being said including but
statistics to convince his viewers that all muslims are evil sociopaths who want to restore
its also true that the more educated muslims are usually less likely to be moderates
you cannot have peace as long as islam stays this unhinged. many muslims are great
muslims are a societal safety to canada. thats
who cares about the language families. muslims are a far greater safety to jews
i wish the us had islamic matriarchy like they have in islamic countries
does that count? the greatest safety to islam is learning islam.
arabs are ruled by matriarchy women have less
islam is the most gentle religion and moderates
they not accept the horrible truth that islam is a gentle religionpol. ideology?
yeah them muslims are way more helpful than the kiddy
border laws enforced and for saying that islam is a political ideology that causes compassion.
